

THE FAMILY SIMON BOXED SET
JULIANA STONE
JULIANA STONE PUBLISHING INC.
CONTENTS
Tucker
Copyright
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Volume 2
Jack
Copyright
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Volume 3
Maverick
Copyright
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Epilogue
Also by Juliana Stone
Afterword

Copyright  2014 Juliana Stone
All rights reserved.
ISBN-13: 9780988138599
Cover art and design by Patricia Schmitt/Pickyme
http://pickymeartist.com
Copy editing by Jena OConnor
http://practicalproofing.com
E-book Formatting: Jessica Lewis, Authors Life Saver
http://authorslifesaver.com
This book is a work of fiction. References to real people, events, establishments,
organizations, or locations are intended only to provide a sense of authenticity, and
are used fictitiously. All other characters, and all incidents and dialogue, are drawn
from the authors imagination and are not to be construed as real
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any printed or
electronic form without permission. Please do not participate in encouraging piracy of
copyrighted materials in violation with the authors rights. Purchase only authorized
editions.
For permission to use any part of the material in this book, contact Juliana at,
mailto:juliana@julianastone.com
Created with Vellum
T
1
ucker Simon hadnt been to a wedding in five years and
damned if he was going to this one alone.
At least, not if he could help it.
With a grimace, he slid onto the barstool and tossed his
crumpled invitation in front of him. He used his index finger to
push the offending invite a couple inches away and glared at it. If
he was Superman, his X-ray vision would have sent the damn
thing up in smoke.
Sure, the pale pink paper, the bold gold lettering, and the
stinking scent of something way too girly for a man to sniff was
enough to get him worked up. But it was the thought of walking
into that church and reception without his plus one that had him
on edge.
Jesus. H. Christ.
His mother had been on his back for months about his dating
or lack there ofand had made it clear she expected him to
show up with someone. Anyone. According to her, people were
starting to talk. According to her, they were worried.
According to her, he was too young to be alone. As if thirtyone
was the magic number for lost causes.
He believed her exact words were,
I dont care if you have to
hire someone. In fact, Ill make some inquiries. Your third cousin
on your fathers side was arrested a few years back for getting
caught with a prostitute, but wed be willing to overlook that.
First off, the fact that his mother was willing to troll for
prostitutes was alarming, especially considering the political
aspirations of the oldest Simon, Jack.
Secondly, Tucker Simon had never paid anyone for sexever
and he had no intention of doing it now. Sure, hed had a long
dry spell after Marley went missinghe still refused to say died
but that was behind him.
Christ, was it behind him.
If his mother knew the truththat over the last year hed had
a shit-ton of meaningless sex with faceless women he didnt
care to knowher tune would be a little different. Or maybe not.
Maybe in her mind, a connectionany kind of connectionwas
better than nothing.
As it was, she hadnt even blinked when hed told her he was
bringing his current lady-friend to the wedding and hed
thought for sure it would at least be cause for his moms
imperious raised eyebrow. The one hed seen way too many
times to count.
So, hed thrown Sonya Devonish at her.
Of the European Devonishes.
And nothing.
They were the ones whod made their billions from the black
market in Russia. The ones rumored to have ties to organized
crime. And the ones who had spawned a generation of young
women who were famous for being infamous. And loose. And
kind of tactless.
Sonya Devonish was a trust fund baby with a wild past, an
even wilder reputationthe general public didnt know the half
of itand apparently no qualms about cancelling on him at the
last minute.
Now he was stuck attending his cousins wedding, with the
entire damn Simon family along for the ride.
Alone.
Shee-iitt.
If his twin brother was coming back for the big event, Tucker
would have been fine. He would have hung out with Teague and
they would have devoured a couple bottles of Gray Goose, danced
with a few Aunties and called it a night.
But Teague was still in Africa, his older brother Jack always
had a woman in hand, and Beauas in his movie star brother
was a lost cause and officially off the market.
Damn that Betty Jo Barker.
A genuine smile crossed his face when he thought of her. The
fiery triplet was good for Beaumore than good for himhis
brother had been ready to meet the one for a while now. And as
much as Tucker was happy for Beau, there was a part of him that
was bitter. Jealous even.
Because Tucker had had it all. Once.
What can I get ya?
Tucker glanced up and blinked, a little confused. It was seven
oclock on a Wednesday evening and his tall, frosty draft was
usually waiting for him seconds after he sat down.
Ah,
 he mumbled, running a hand through his hair and
tugging on his tie. Shit. What was his beer of choice?
The burly bartender crossed his arms over a massive chest,
cocked his head to the side and waited while Tucker tried to see
around him. Where the hell was
Ive got this, Pete.
Abby Mathews.
A tall, slender brunette handed him a cold mug and planted
her hands on the bar-top. Just so you know, Tucker, youve
been drinking Guinness every Wednesday for the last year.
Tucker grabbed the mug, held it aloft with a grin, and then
took a long drink before settling back onto his stool.
The Black Dog was a pub not far from Times Square, between
7
th Avenue and 9
th Avenue. It wasnt some high class kind of
joint. Instead, it was a family-owned bar with entertainment on
the weekends, and it had the best wings in the city. Abbys
family had owned the place for several generations, and she and
her six brothers took their turns helping out her folks.
Tucker liked the place because of the laid back atmosphere,
and there was something about the Mathews brood that
reminded him of his own family, complete with an over
abundance of testosterone and the one lone sister to keep them
real.
A sister who was damn fine to look at, with all that dark
mahogany hair, creamy skin and huge hazel/brown eyes.
But she was a sister who was off limits.
Tucker had been warned away by her older brother Mick a few
weeks after hed started to frequent The Black Dog. Hed been
told in no uncertain terms that Abby Mathews wasnt for public
consumption, and she certainly wasnt the kind of girl who
fooled around with guys like Tucker Simon.
Guys who were looking for a diversion, because they just
wanted to forget.
Guys who werent looking for anything serious.
And Tucker sure as hell wasnt looking for anything close to
serious.
So, hed taken Micks warning under advisement, and over
the course of the last year, he and Abby had become friends. He
liked her. He liked her a lot, but it was a platonic kind of thing.
Not exactly sisterlyshe was way too hot to go therebut it was
a friendship nonetheless.
Besides, Abby was dating some useless musician with no
money who was constantly coming into The Black Dog looking
for cash. He wondered why the Mathews boys hadnt gotten rid
of him, because if he was dating Tuckers sister, he would have
taken care of it himself.
Personally, Tucker thought the guy was a loser with minimal
talenthed seen the guy perform at the barand Abby was
wasting her time with him. He didnt get itdidnt understand
what she saw in the guybut ultimately it was none of his
business.
Whats this? Abby scooped up the invitation.
Wedding,
 Tucker replied, his mood dark again. Family
wedding.
Oh,
 she said, as she put it back in front of him. You dont
seem real excited about it.
Im not.
Why?
Tucker shrugged and took another sip of beer. The place was
hoppingWednesday was their half priced wing nightand it
was loud. Did he want to get into it right now?
I thought you and your family were close. That you all got
along great,
 Abby said as she grabbed a drink for the guy on the
stool beside Tucker.
We do.
She took the cash from the man, deftly avoiding his lingering
fingers and leaned against the bar, eyebrows raised as she stared
at Tucker.
Then whats the problem?
Tucker rested his elbows on the bar. Screw it. He needed to
talk to someone and right now, Abby was all he had.
I dont want to go alone.
He winced as the words came out, because, shit, could he
sound any more pathetic? But it was a simple truth that led to
the bigger, broader picture.
I get that,
 she said softly.
And for a second, Tucker stared into perfect brown eyes that
knew about his past. That knew about his pain.
Hell, who didnt? For a while there, hed been in the tabloids
every other week. The Simon family had always been ripe for the
pickingwith Beau being a bona fide superstar and Jack well on
his way to the White Housethe comparisons to the Kennedys
had dogged them for generations.
When Tuckers young wife had gone missing, his family had
done their best to shield him from the endless CNN coverage, or
the half-truths printed in the trashy gossip rags. Eventually it
had blown overthree years between then and now would do
thatand hed been able to live in relative anonymity in New
York City.
Oh, there were still moments when the paparazzi interfered,
nabbing pictures of him jogging in Central Park, grabbing
groceries at the market around the corner from his apartment,
or eating a bagel for Christ sake. He knew they were trying to
snap pictures of him with a woman and he took great pains to
keep out of the public eye when he was with one. But for the
most part, they left him alone and he supposed he could thank
the insatiable appetite the public had for new scandal or tragedy.
Tucker Simonthe tragic onewas yesterdays news.
His family, however, was another thing altogether. His
mother was on a mission to find him some kind of happiness,
and it killed him to know that it just wasnt out there for him. It
had gone down with Marleys plane.
He was sick and tired of putting on that mask, the one his
family needed to see in order for them to get off his back. The
one that said he was all right with the world. The one that said
he was halfway to happy.
The one that was a total damn lie.
What happened to that Sonya you brought here last
weekend?
Tuckers frown deepened as his level of pissed off increased.
She bailed.
Wow. Cant say that Im surprised.
Tucker glanced up. Sounds like you arent a fan.
Im not. What was her excuse? She had a pedicure scheduled
and couldnt miss it?
She was good. Tucker would give her that. Nope, it was more
like a spa weekend she forgot about in Arizona.
Abby looked disgusted. I dont know why you waste time
with women like her.
Tucker took another long drink before he settled back. It was
simple really. Women like Sonya know the score. They know
Im not in it for the long haul and as long as shes getting what
she wants
What about what you want?
Surprised, he didnt answer her at first. I dont want
anything more than what Im getting.
Bullshit.
He yanked his head up. What?
Abby tossed her long ponytail behind her shoulder and leaned
forward until she was so close he could see the small sprinkling
of freckles across the bridge of her nose. He inhaled a crisp, shot
ofsomething niceand for a moment, his mind went blank.
For that one moment, he didnt hear the noise in the bar or feel
the people jostling behind him. He didnt see the woman sitting
two stools down, the one who kept trying to get his attention.
Nope. The only thing he saw was Abby.
And her heart-shaped face.
And those big intense eyes.
And her disgust.
I said thats bullshit, Tucker, as in bull
She grabbed a lime from under the bar and shoved it into a
beer bottle before sliding it down to a customer. Then she put
her hands on her hips and pinned him with a look that said it all.
Shit,
 she said slowly, so that there was no way he could
mistake her meaning. She really was disgusted with him.
Tuckers eyes fell to her mouth and maybe his mind shouldnt
have gone there, but holy hell, he couldnt stop himself and it
did.
He found himself wondering how soft her lips were and what
she would taste like. He wondered what she would feel like.
Naked.
What she would look like. Naked.
What she would
You know what you need, Tucker?
Abbys sharp voice cut through the fog in his brain, and he
cleared his throat. Im guessing youre going to tell me.
You need to stop wasting time with all these women wholl
never figure into the rest of your life. Are you really happy with
the endless parade of boobs with no brains?
Hey, the women I date have brains,
 he protested.
You dont date,
 she shot back. You sleep with these
women for as long as they dont bother you for more than what
youre she paused. givingand then you move on.
He was getting annoyed.
And,
 Abby continued. Contrary to what you like to tell
yourself, they are boobs with no brains, because any woman with
half a brain wouldnt put up with your bullshit.
Not true. Tucker settled back on his stool. There was
Candy.
Sandy.
What?
Her name was Sandy.
Irritated, he shrugged. Sandy. She was a teacher.
Abby tossed her rag onto the bar and shook her head. She
taught yoga.
He frowned. Right.
He smiled. She was damn flexible.
Abby muttered something under her breath that he couldnt
quite hear, and then she leaned closer to him. Jesus, Tucker,
youve had what, six or seven of them in the last few months?
Doesnt it get old?
Okay, he was starting to get more than a little pissed. Since
when did Abby Mathews think she had a handle on what was
going on inside him? She was just a bartender, for Christ sake.
Theyre adults, Abby, and they know the score. Theres no
lying, no secrets. I dont want anything more than what these
women give me. Whats wrong with that? Does it make me an
asshole?
No,
 she said, grabbing up her rag and wiping at a spot on
the bar. Ityou know what? Never mind.
But something in her tone got to him.
He stood up. You started this. What is it that you think I
need?
Her nostrils flared, a subtle movement, but he caught it. It
told him a few things, one of which was the fact that Abby
Mathews was just as riled and pissed as he was.
She tossed her rag and glared at him.
You need someone you can talk to. Someone whos willing to
cancel a goddamn spa weekend if you need her. Someone whos
not just a piece of ass you can screw and then throw away. That
kind of living isnt good for anybody, no matter how easy it
seems.
Abby shoved her hands into the front pockets of her jeans and
shrugged. Tucker, you need a friend.
Tucker stared at her hard for several long seconds.
He saw her throat move as she swallowed.
He saw the pulse beat at the base of her neckthe way she
licked at the corner of her mouth.
He stared at her for so long that his mind started wandering
again, going to a place that it shouldnt go.
A wandering mind that was chugging full steam ahead toward
something he never would have considered, but
Then come with me,
 he said softly. So softly that at first he
wasnt sure hed actually said it.
Abby was silent for a few seconds, and then she leaned
forward again, placing her palms on the bar as she cranked her
head in order to look up at him.
You only said that because you dont think I will.
No. He had said that because hed apparently lost his mind.
He opened his mouth to say something, but nothing came out.
When do you leave? she asked, her voice low.
A heartbeat passed. What the hell was he doing?
Tomorrow night.
Abby took a step back, her eyes briefly on the invitation that
was now stuck to the bar. She paused and then exhaled as she
nodded, her eyes shadowed.
Okay. She licked her lips, nodding again. But were just
friends. Got that?
Tucker cleared his throat. Sure we are, but uh, whats your
music man gonna think?
Abbys eyes slid away, and then she shrugged. Were not
dating anymore.
Surprised, Tucker had no words. Since when?
He watched her slip past the new bartender until she
disappeared from viewthen he caught sight of Mick staring at
him with a look that wasnt exactly brotherly love.
He tossed a ten dollar bill onto the bar.
Shit. What the hell had he just done?
Y
2
ou can do this.
You can do this.
You can do this.
The mantra echoed in her head as Abby Mathews splashed
cold water on her face and took a moment. What the hell was she
doing?
She stared down at the worn, porcelain sink, at the dark grey
spidery cracks and blue toothpaste stuck to the drain, and
thought she was going to heave.
Who was she kidding? On what planet could she do this? She
must have been crazy to even suggest it.
A loud knock at the door brought her head up, and as much as
she tried to avoid the sight of her big, scared eyes, she couldnt
help herself.
They stopped her cold.
Oh God. Tucker was going to know as soon as he saw her.
Shit.
He was going to know everything.
Abby? Her roommate, Lisa, knocked again, but this time a
little louder. Abby? Are you all right?
No.
Im good. She grimaced. Dammit, she sounded worse than
the night shed come home high on drugs after getting her
wisdom teeth pulled.
Lisa jiggled the doorknob, and Abby let her in.
Crap,
 Lisa murmured, wedging her way into the small
space so that she could close the door behind her.
Crap was pretty much an understatement.
Okay,
 Lisa said slowly, eyes moving from the top of Abbys
head all the way to her booted toes. Good news is that you look
great. No, more than great. You look hot! Honestly, Abigail, the
red silk top makes your boobs look, well, like you have boobs,
and its a classy touch paired with your jeans. Lisa squealed.
And those Mendel boots are killer.
They should be considering I spent my entire paycheck on
them. Abby paused. Bad news?
Lisa inhaled a big gulp of air. The bad news is that hes
here,
 she said in a rush, her blue eyes wide as she tucked a long
piece of Abbys hair behind her ear. Are you sure you should be
doing this?
Abby saw the concern in her roommates eyes and offered up
a small smile.
No way in hell should I be doing this. She gulped in air.
But I cant cancel now.
Sure you can,
 Lisa said, her blond hair shining as she
twirled a piece between her fingers. Just tell him that youve
got the flu.
Abby frowned.
Or a bad case of Island Fever Fungus.
Island Fever Fungus?
Yep. Island Fever Fungus. Lisa nodded. Sounds kind gross,
dont you think? Personally, I wouldnt want to be anywhere
near that shit.
A small smile tugged on the corner of Abbys mouth. I
cant.
Lisa sighed. I know. But I gotta warn you, Abs. Hes looking
really, really good tonight.
Great.
Like hed turn half the lesbian population hetero just by
smiling at them.
Huh.
Hes all casual and denim and blue plaid and, oh my god,
hes wearing Doc Martens. I mean, what guy doesnt look good in
a pair of Docs?
True,
 Abby murmured.
So when I say that he looks hot
Okay, I get it Lisa. We can stop this now. Irritated, Abby
grabbed her makeup bag off the counter and shoved it into her
carry-on.
Sweetie, I just dont want to see you get hurt, and lets face it
Abigail, Tucker Simon could hurt you. Not on purpose or
anything. I mean, he doesnt know
Abbys eyebrow shot up.
Her roommate squirmed a bit, her cheeks pink and spiky
blond hair askew, though she refused to back down. He doesnt
know that youre into him. She lowered her voice. In that way.
So, you know, if he breaks your heart or anything, its not really
his fault.
Abby cleared her throat.
Thats all Im saying,
 Lisa said hesitantly.
Are you done? Abby asked.
Lisa nodded. I think so.
Good. Because I have to go. I gave him my word and unlike
the women hes been hanging with lately, I wont break it.
Abby scooped up her bag and moved past Lisa, crossing the
hallway to her room so that she could grab her suitcase, and then
headed toward the stairs that led to the main floor of their openconcept
loft.
Oh and whatever you do, dont get drunk.
Here we go.
God, drunk Abby is either messy Abby or horny Abby, and
considering you havent had sex in like, forever, Im guessing
horny Abby would show up, and if you sleep with him
That was it. Totally pissed, Abby whirled around. I am not
sleeping with Tucker Simon.
Silence greeted her words.
Words that echoed against the walls before settling inside her
ears. Words that she was pretty sure the entire building had
hearda throat cleared behind herincluding Tucker Simon.
Okay, so now that weve got that out of the way
Abby winced. Why did his voice feel so goddamn intimate?
We should get going, or were going to miss our flight.
Again. Voice like warm chocolate.
Abby glared at her roommate, before smoothing her damp
palms over the tops of her jeans.
She turned around.
Mentally shed been preparing herself for this moment ever
since shed uttered those stupid words the night beforewhen
are you leavingbut just the sight of him was like a punch to the
gut.
Lisa was right. Holy hell was she right.
Tucker Simon looked so achingly good that her girlie parts
were already buzzing. This physical thing she felt for Tucker was
going to be a huge inconvenience this weekend.
Huge.
Inconvenience.
Mouth dry, she attempted a smile.
His thick, dark hair curled up from underneath a worn,
Yankee ball cap, and damn, but the blue plaid over the plain
white T-shirt made him look a little rougher. A little more real,
somehow.
She was used to seeing Tucker in suits and ties, but this side
of himthis casual, laid-back, yummy sidewas easy on the
eyes. The shadowing of stubble on his chin and those dimples
when he smiled were sexy enough to melt a nuns panties.
Are you all right, Abby? he asked, his warm chocolate eyes
intent as he stared up at her.
Hell no.
If she wasnt careful, she was going to fall headlong down the
stairs and right into them.
What? She took a step. Okay. This was good. Im fine. I
was just
She took another step and exhaled. One more to go.
Lisa is just you know
And she was there, right in front of him. Annoying.
Tuckers eyes moved behind her briefly before landing on
Abby again. Okay,
 he said. Youre sure you still want to do
this? My family is kind of insane.
Warmth seeped into every pore of her body and for a second,
Abby just took the time to drink him in. She was sure that the
world continued spinning, just as she was sure that Lisa was
wringing her hands together like a dishragthe way she did
when she didnt know what else to do with them.
And she was sure that she was still breathingmainly
because she wasnt choking
But most of all, Abigail Mathews was pretty damn sure that
even though this weekend was going to tax the ever-lovingdaylights
out of her.there was nowhere else shed rather be
than with Tucker Simon.
She knew she couldnt have him in a forever kind of way, and
she knew that she couldnt have him on a casual level either
she wouldnt survive that.
But she could be there for him. She could enjoy being there
for him. Seeing him relaxed and maybe happy. And for now that
had to be enough. Thats what friends did for each other.
Okay, she thought, time to pull up the bootstraps.
Im sure,
 she said tugging on her carry-on.
Tucker reached for her suitcase, his fingers grazing hers as he
closed them around the handle. But she was good. She hid her
reaction with the ease and maturity of a girl whod been fighting
these feelings for months.
She could do this.
Abby glanced back at her roommate and winked. See you on
Monday. She quickly sidestepped past Tucker and headed out
the front door. But just so you know, Tucker. Im clear on that
one thing.
Yeah? What one thing was that? he asked, handing her
luggage over to the taxi driver.
He opened the door and stood back. Okay, did he have to
smell as good as he looked?
Im not sleeping with you.
Got it.
She jerked uphed answered that way too fastand his
easy grin was nearly her undoing.
Dont look at his dimples.
Just friends,
 he said, his voice warm and smooth like
butter.
For a moment, their eyes collided. They collided and held and
nothing short of the ground splitting open was tearing them
apart.
Abbys breath caught. Something shifted. She saw it in the
way his eyes darkened. In the way his nostrils flared.
And it scared the crap out of her.
The urge to turn tail and run was so strong that if Tucker
wasnt standing between Abby and freedom, she just might have
done it.
But then the taxi driver slammed the trunk shut and though
she jumped, her eyes didnt leave Tucker.
Where to? the driver asked as he rounded the cab and
reached for the driver side door.
La Guardia,
 Tucker answered.
Okay. The driver paused, half in the cab. But you guys
have to actually get in the cab before I can leave.
The drivers sarcasm was heavy, but they both ignored him.
This is your last chance to change your mind, Abby,
 Tucker
murmured. I wont hold it against you. Like I said, the entire
Simon clan can be a little overwhelming.
Abby thought of what her roommate had said earlierthat
Abby was into Tucker. In that way. God, Lisa didnt know the half
of it. Abby wasnt just into Tucker Simonshe was absolutely,
head-over-freaking-heels in love with him.
Hence, the whole inconvenient thing.
Shed realized it several weeks earlier.
Or maybe shed known it all along, but it had stayed hidden,
like a secret afraid of the light.
One Friday night, hed stayed after hours, and theyd played
darts in the back of the bar until three in the morning. Those
hours had passed much too quickly and shed still been buzzing
the next night when hed shown up for last call with a tall, classy
blond on his arm. It was at that moment Abby knew.
It wasnt just jealousy that shed felt. It was hurt. It was gutwrenching
hurt. How crazy was that? Over the course of the last
year, this man had come to mean so much to her, and not only
did he not know, she was pretty sure that if he did, he would
have stopped coming by The Black Dog.
Because he was a decent man.
So, shed done nothing about it. Shed pretended that nothing
had changed, because the highlight of her week was when
Tucker came into the bar. It was a highlight she wasnt willing to
throw away. Not yet anyway.
Now here she was, staring at a man who would probably break
her heart.
Abby should have grabbed her bags, made up a lame excuse
and called it a day. She should have hightailed it the hell out of
there.
But she didnt.
Instead she slid into the cab and held her breath until, a few
seconds later, Tucker joined her.
She was either making the biggest mistake of her life or...or
maybe not.
She groaned and closed her eyes, feeling anxious, excited and
scared.
A
3
ll the rooms are sold out, Mr. Simon. Im sorry. Weve only
got the one that you booked available. The suite overlooking the
ocean with a king size bed.
Tucker ran his hands through the hair at his nape and tried to
hide his irritation. Shit.
It was nearly one in the morning, and theyd just arrived at
The Manor Hotel and Golf Resort in Key Biscayne. Tucker was
tired as hell.
No, he was tired as hell, frustrated and a whole bunch of other
stuff that he didnt want to think about right now.
There has to be at least one room available.
The desk clerks bald head shone beneath the overhead lights
and his round, brown eyes were direct as he peered over his
heavy frame glasses.
Im sorry, Mr. Simon, but were hosting two conventions
this weekend and are at capacity. I can make a few calls and see
if you and your The clerks eyes slid to Abby who stood a few
feet away, fidgeting with her carry-on.
Friend,
 Tucker finished for him.
The desk clerk nodded. Yes, your friend. I can try to secure
other accommodations at a different hotel.

How long will that take?
The clerk smiled apologetically and reached for the phone. I
really cant say.
Tucker muttered a curse and felt the tension along his
shoulders tighten even more. This wasnt good. Christ, he
should have just manned up and come alone. Bringing someone
like Sonya along was one thinghis family knew him well
enough not to have any expectationsbut Abby Mathews?
Sharing his room? For the entire weekend?
His mother would have Tucker all tied up in a goddamn
relationship-bow before they finished the 18 rounds of golf
planned for tomorrow.
Tucker, Im tired. Lets just take the room. Abby slid up
along the front desk and propped her elbows on the counter.
We can figure things out in the morning.
There were shadows under her eyes, and he knew that she
hadnt rested at all on the flight down. He knew, because he
hadnt either. There was something brewing between the two of
them, and he wasnt real sure what it was exactly. The only thing
that he was sure about was the fact that he didnt want to deal
with it right now.
He blew out a hot breath and shoved his hands into the front
pockets of his jeans. God, he didnt need a complication. His
family was more than enough.
Lets see if we can find something else. He swung his gaze
back to the desk clerk but a curt nod told him that it wasnt
looking real good.
But that could take all night. Abby pushed her hair back.
She stretched her arms and yawned, and he had to tell himself to
keep his eyes above the neckwhich was crazy.
This was Abbyhis friend.
Abby. Friend.
But not-with-benefits.
I just... Dammit, what was he trying to say? I just dont
want you to think that I planned this or anything.
She arched an eyebrow.
Was that a hint of a smile on her face? Planned? she said
slowly.
Well, I would have booked two rooms if Id been thinking
straight, but I had a crazy day with a client and until yesterday, I
was coming with Sonya
And you thought youd be having all sorts of hot, sweaty, sex
on that big old king size bed.
That was definitely a smile lurking behind her mouth. God,
she had a nice mouth.
Tucker heard the clerk clear his throat but ignored the man.
Suddenly he wasnt so damn tiredor frustrated. He wasnt even
annoyed. He was justlight.
He should probably just shut the hell up but
Actually the patio is much better for extra curricular
activities,
 he said watching her closely.
Abby stopped stretching. Patio?
He nodded. Yeah. Patio sex is hot. Dont you think?
Abbys cheeks turned pink, and Tucker grinned. He liked this
side of herthis slightly off-balance side.
I didnt know you were an exhibitionist,
 she replied.
With the right woman, Im up for anything. A memory
flashed through himan image of tangled legs, heated skin, the
kiss of rain, and Marley. And just like that the hatchet that was
buried inside his chest stirred. It cut deeper, awakening things
he didnt want awake.
Suddenly the lightness was gone. Suddenly everything was
gone, and he just wanted to close his eyes and maybe forget.
Shit.
Tucker? Abby asked quietly.
Youre right,
 he said abruptly. Well deal with it in the
morning. Turning back to the desk clerk, Tucker grabbed the
keycards and led the way to the elevators. The ride up was silent,
broken only when he let them into their suite.
Wow. Abby walked forward a few feet and whirled around
in a circle. Wow! This is bigger than my entire apartment.
Tucker dropped his bags. Its a bit much.
The suite was over-the-top and reeked of money. With soft
blues and creams, light bamboo and marble, it was something to
see. High-end furniture filled the large, open areaa patio and
hot tub sat out under the stars. The place was meant for
relaxation, luxury, and sex. Lots and lots of sex.
With a scowl, he nodded toward the left. The bedroom wasnt
enclosed, but the bed was hidden behind yards of gauzy material
that fell from the ceiling and tucked behind it was the bathroom.
You can sleep there, Ill take the sofa.
No,
 Abby said. I cant. That wouldnt be right.
His mood already darkened, Tucker crossed the room and
paused at the bar where he scooped up a bottle of whiskey. Im
not arguing. Take the bed. Once his tumbler was filled with ice
and booze, he turned back to Abby. She stood still, with her
carry-on and small suitcase, her eyes on him. Eyes that were
unsure.
Eyes that made him feel like an asshole.
Look, Abby. Im sorry. I didnt mean to snap at you. Please
take the bed. He shrugged. Im not going to sleep for a while,
so...
A heartbeat passed, and then with a quick nod she whispered,
All right.
After she disappeared into the bathroom, Tucker made his
way out to the patio and sank onto a chair that was in the far
corner, buried in the shadows. Overhead, the night sky was
crystal clear, and a million stars shone down on him. A breeze
moved languidly, bringing with it the smell of the oceana
scent he was familiar withone that he loved.
He inhaled deeply and felt the weight of it as his lungs filled
with the open air and unmistakable tinge of the ocean. It moved
something inside him. Something hed been trying to bury for
years, it seemed.
Damn, but it still hurt.
Someone told him once that smell was more powerful than
memory. That smell could bring back the most intimate or
minute detail. It was true. The smell of the ocean always
reminded him of home, family, and ultimately, Marley.
He knew it was a bad idea to come back here. He knew that
the memories might be too much. That maybe he wasnt strong
enough to deal with them.
A grimace crossed his face. Damn family. Hed always had a
problem saying no to them, even though his first instinct when
hed received his cousins invite was to toss it.
Slowly he sipped his whiskey and, after throwing his ball cap
onto the patio floor, rested his head back so that he could see the
sky better.
Where the hell was the Big Dipper?
He stared up at the stars for so long that they blurred and only
looked away when his glass was empty. He poured himself
another and was just about to settle back when a sound caught
his ear, and he glanced over to the patio doors.
Abby.
After a few moments, she crossed the tiled floors and paused
a few feet away.
Its beautiful out here,
 she said softly.
Yeah,
 Tucker answered, though his eyes didnt follow hers
as she glanced up at the million dollar blanket of stars.
The breeze picked up again, lifting her hair into the air, and
she giggled as she tried to tug it behind her ears. The white tanktop
she wore was pressed tight against her body and those long
legshell, they went on for miles.
Her laughter dried up when she looked his way, and she
crossed her arms over her chest, though she wasnt able to hide
her erect nipples. From the cold? Or was she feeling what was
brewing inside him?
Mouth dry, Tucker dragged his eyes away and downed his
tumbler in one long swig. He was tight. Angry. Tired and
confused.
He was also horny as hell and right about now was wishing it
was Sonya standing a few feet away wearing next to nothing.
Because he sure as hell would have had Sonya bent over the chair
and maybe then hed get some relief from the tension that rode
him so hard.
What the hell did that say about him? Five minutes ago, hed
been thinking of Marley. His wife. Five minutes ago, hed been
remembering thingsthings that he was afraid to forget.
Now, one glance at Abby and it was gone.
Anger spiked inside him, and suddenly he needed to hold
onto it with a desperation he hadnt felt in a very long time.
Did you need something? he asked, his voice sharp.
She tightened her arms across her chest but didnt look away.
In fact, her gaze was direct.
No,
 she answered slowly, drawing that one word out. I just
wanted to say goodnight and to make sure that you were okay.
He lifted his tumbler in a mock salute. Im better than
okay. He paused, noting the way she bit her bottom lipa
nervous gestureand maybe it was the devil that had him
tonight, or maybe he was just being a prick, but he forced a smile
and reached for the bottle.
Maybe he just didnt want to be alone after all. Want a
drink?
She shook her head.
Are you sure? He leaned back and watched the shadows
cross her face, moving erratically in the breeze.
Yes,
 she said eventually. Im sure.
He wasnt used to this awkward silence between them. Damn,
he was going to ruin things. He took a sip from his glass, his eyes
on hers and never wavering.
I didnt take you for a Rangers fan.
Excuse me?
He nodded at her tank topthe one that stretched tight
across her breasts. Every single one of your brothers are
diehard Flyer fans, which is odd considering youre New
Yorkers. He shrugged. I guess I thought youd be the same.
Her head fell, but she kept her arms crossed over her chest,
partially obscuring the New York Rangers logo. Oh. She
cleared her throat. No, Im the lone Ranger fan. II thought I
was sleeping by myself or else I would have brought more
Again she cleared her throat. Appropriatestuffto wear to
bed.
Her toes curled into the patio tiles and with the wind running
through her hair, the shadows playing across her faceall that
skin on displayshe sure as hell didnt look like the Abby he
knew.
This Abby could grace a goddamn Ranger calendar, and it
would sell like hotcakes.
I just signed Dean Kendrick as a client. The admission
slipped out before he could stop himself, but when her eyes went
big and that delectable mouth opened wide, it was worth the
slip. Hell, he hadnt shared the news with anyone yet but
considering her choice of sleepwear, it was somehow appropriate
to share it with her.
Kendrick was the new face of the Ranger franchise and as a
three time all-star center, hed been a dream to sign. The guy
had buckets of talent, charisma, and that extra bit of something
that was hard to describe as anything other than golden. Tucker
had been working on him for the last few months, and now that
he was on board as a client, his roster was looking damn fine.
Made being an agent sweet as hell.
Wow,
 she said moving forward, a big smile on her face.
Thats awesome, Tucker. My god, Dean Kendrick?
She paused a few inches away. Im really happy for you.
His eyes dropped to her breastsbrieflybefore he yanked
his head up and took a good long swig of whiskey. Thanks,
 he
said as he set down the empty glass. Hed been happy toofor
about five minutes. But then, like everything else in his life, the
joy hed felt when hed closed the deal had vanished like water
down the drain. It had swirled around for a bit and then
nothing.
He didnt need to see a shrink to know that he was in trouble
that if he didnt turn things around, there was a chance that
hed just disappear. Hed disappear like Marley. One morning
hed kissed her goodbye and that night she was gone.
The thought was morose, and he gave himself a mental
shake.
We should hit the bed. Golf in the morning,
 he said gruffly.
Golf? Her eyebrow shot up.
Shit, did I forget to tell you? Were playing a round before
the rehearsal dinner. Its a family thing.
Oh Tucker, I dont have the right clothes for golf.
Dont worry about it. Well hit the pro-shop and as for clubs,
Im renting, too. His brows furrowed. You do play, dont you?
She didnt answer right away and then shrugged, a soft smile
on her face. A little.
Good. Were buddying up with Beau and his brat of a
girlfriend. Dont let her scare you.
Abbys eyes glistened as she stared back at him, and he got
the impression she was trying to figure something out.
Betty Jo Barker, isnt it? Model turned actress?
He nodded.
Sheshe seems interesting.
Abby had no idea. Yeah,
 he answered. Interesting,
infuriating, opinionated and  He groaned. Maybe this isnt a
good idea after all.
It takes a lot to scare me, Tucker,
 she murmured.
He held her gaze for a few more moments, thinking he should
say something or do something, but then she turned and headed
inside. She was nearly to the patio doors that led into the suite
when he spoke.
Abby?
She stopped but didnt turn around. Hmm?
I like your pajamas. Ranger wear is always appropriate.
Good to know,
 she said softly and then disappeared inside.
Tucker glanced back at the half-empty bottle of whiskey. He
could finish the bottle which meant that he most likely would
play a shit round of golf, for which his brother Beau would never
let him hear the end of
Or he could pack it in and try to get some sleep.
Except Abby was in there, in that hot little Ranger outfit, and
there were no benefits to be had. Hell, if he didnt get his shit
together, there would be no friend to be had either.
Tucker fell back into his chair, sank into the shadows and
reached for the bottle. It was gonna be a long night, but he
decided to keep company with his good buddy Jack. He didnt
want to think about his family, or Abby, or even Marley. He just
wanted to lose himself in the stars and the smell of the ocean
even if it was only for tonight.
He filled his tumbler once more as the shadows enveloped
him.
T
4
he smell of coffee woke Abby. A roasted blend and something
elsecaramel?
Or was it the smell of clean, fresh soap?
Whatever it was, it was nice, and she sighed, sinking deeper
into the mattress. Inhaling that lovely scent once more, she
relaxed for a moment as whatever the heck smelled so good
infiltrated her nose and wove its way through her body. She was
warm, heavy from sleep and content.
A noise sounded, something that didnt belongwaves?
and she rolled over, nearly falling out of bed. For a moment, she
had no idea where she was.
Pushing a tangle of hair from her eyes, her vision slowly came
into focus, and when it did, her mouth went dry. It went so dry
that she couldnt swallow. Her insides quaked and fire raced
across her skin.
Shed been right about the coffee. Yep. There it was, right in
front of her. Great big honkin mug of java.
But it was attached to a hand, and that hand was attached to a
muscular arm that glistened with drops of water as if fresh from
the shower. Of course, there was an accompanying wide expanse
of flesh and since she was weakand lets not forget confused
it drew her eye.
Andholy hellsuddenly, she was wide awake.
A hot thrust of lust (sheesh, was she a poet now?) had her
girlie parts singing Hallelujahshouting, praise the Lord and
whispering God bless Tucker Simon.
Hot Damn, she had a freaking Baptist Choir going crazy inside
her body, and Abby glanced away from his bare chestfrom all
that hard, damp, and defined musclepushing away the image
of her tongue on those picture-perfect abs.
Squeezing her eyes shut, she held her breath as her mind
scrambled to catch up to what her eyes had just seen. Sure, she
was used to waking up with Tucker on the brain but never
never so up close and personal.
She froze. Wait. Was she still dreaming?
Cracking an eye open a smidge, Abby angled a peek and
everything inside her went squirrely.
Nope. That there was one hundred percent, tanned, toned,
and freaking hot Tucker Simonprime, USA Grade Tucker
Simonand he was looking down at her with an amused look on
his face.
Morning sunshine. Im done in the shower if you want to
take a turn.
God, he was only wearing a towel.
Slowly reality sank in, and she remembered where she was.
Why she was here.
Tucker wasnt all naked and wet and yummy because theyd
spend a hot, passionate night together. Nope. That so didnt
happen. (At least not outside of her head).
Tucker was up and at em because
We tee off in an hour so you better get your butt in gear.
Wait. What?
Tee off? She sat up fully and accepted the cup of coffee,
hoping the scowl she felt didnt show. If she had her choice,
shed bury herself beneath the covers and drift off into a world of
Tucker Simon dreams.
She watched him warily. Guess that wasnt going to happen.
He leaned his hip against the table beside the bed, long wisps
of gauzy material floating around him as a fresh breeze rolled in
from outside. Any other guy would look like an idiot but he
didnt. If anything, the soft white texture of the material that fell
from the ceiling only helped to showcase just how hard and
masculine Tucker was.
Dragging her eyes from his, she took a sip of coffee and nearly
choked as she forced it down.
You need to put some clothes on.
Shit. Did she really say that out loud? What the hell is wrong
with me?
Sure thing, darlin. Do I make you nervous? His tone was
lightteasing evenbut Abby wasnt in the mood for it. About
one second after shed caught sight of his nearly naked ass,
shed realized that this was a mistake. There was no way she
should have come to Florida with Tucker, because she was going
to make a fool out of herself.
She could feel it.
And that scared the crap out of her.
Its not you that makes me nervous,
 she retorted, trying to
get her shit together. Its that damn towel. In case youre not
aware, its loose and I sure as hell dont want to catch sight of
your
His eyebrow shot up.
She swallowed hard. And then cleared her throat.
Yourthingy.
Oh. My. God.
If the floor opened up and she fell through all the way to hell
she wouldnt care. In fact, she wished it would open up and suck
her into another realm, because she did not just sayMy
thingy,
 Tucker said, his grin huge, his eyes practically
dancing.
Abbys scowl deepened as she slipped off the bed and moved
past him, careful to make sure she wasnt anywhere near his
My thingy? he repeated.
Well, I dont know you well enough to call it Hank.
He snorted.
Jesus! Where was all of this coming from? Shed known
Tucker for nearly a year, and hed never gotten under her skin
like this.
He ran his hands through the wet hair that hung down into
his eyes and when he pushed it back, his biceps tightened, his
abs rippledhell everything rippledand for one precarious
second, the towel slipped so low that she held her breath.
But then he grabbed the edges, and she blew out a mess of hot
air as he chuckled.
Close call,
 he said with a wink. Nearly had a peek at,
 his
voice lowered. I dont call him Hank. I call him
I dont want to know. She slammed the bathroom door
shut behind her and leaned back against it, chest heaving, coffee
sloshing up and over the mug in her hands.
Tucker Simon was insufferable. He was a smart-ass, and
trouble should be his middle name. For all she knew it was.
Tucker Trouble Simon. TTS.
She bit her lip and groaned softly.
Oh god was he hot.
And gorgeous.
And totally lickable.
An hour, Abby. His voice was muffled through the door.
She stuck out her tongue and then took a good, long swig of
coffee before locking the door behind her and turning on the
shower.
Tuckers toiletries were on the countera brown leather bag
though his toothbrush was left beside it. Something about
seeing his stuff next to hers made her insides go all funny again.
Give your head a shake, girl. Its not as if shed never shared
space with a guy before. Once. In college. For about five minutes.
But the twenty year old Daniel, an aspiring Arts major, was
nothing compared to a man like Tucker. Her current ex? He
didnt even come close.
Abby slipped out of her pajamas and decided not to think
about any of it. Twenty minutes later, she was blow-drying her
hair, eyeing the door because she knew she had to go back out
there, and worrying her bottom lip because of it.
Once she was done, she set the dryer onto the counter, careful
not to touch any of Tuckers stuff, and put on some mascara and
lip gloss. After studying herself for a moment, she grabbed some
liner and applied it. Good. Now her eyes popped without being
too overdone.
She unlocked the door and pushed it open an inch or so.
Earlier, shed rushed into the bathroom like an idiot and her bra
and underwear were in the walk-in closet, along with a fluffy
white robe the hotel provided and everything else she needed.
Widening the crack a bit more, she spoke hesitantly,
Tucker?
No answer.
Tucker? she repeated inching her way out, towel clutched
to her chest.
But there was only silence, so Abby crept into the room and
once she was past the bed, dashed into the walk-in closet. She
slammed the door behind her, grabbed fresh underclothes and
was about to reach for the robe when she paused.
Someone was outside.
Hello!
The voice was female and Abby assumed it was the maid. She
scooped the robe off its hanger and slipped into it.
Coming.
She stepped back into the room and froze when she caught
sight of the brunette perched on the end of the bed. Shed never
met the woman beforenot personallybut she knew who she
was. It was kind of hard not to; her face graced the gossip rags in
the supermarket and was all over the internet and TV.
Still, she was surprised at how gorgeous she was in person
the woman being none other than the infamous Betty Jo Barker,
Beau Simons girlfriend.
Clear blue eyes studied Abby for a few seconds before a smile
slid across Betty Jos face. Her skin was like porcelain, her hair
shiny and black, and her generous mouth was glossed over in a
shimmery clear coat. She wasnt overdone and looked natural,
but there was no doubt the woman had that extra bit of
something. Abby was pretty sure that Betty Jo Barker could walk
around in a burlap sack and look amazing.
Betty Jo tucked a long piece of hair behind her ear and leaned
forward.
Well, hell, youre a bit of a surprise.
At Abbys sharp intake, Betty Jo held her hands up. Trust
me, thats in a good way.
Her voice was husky, not at all what Abby expected, but the
smile seemed genuine and Abby relaxed a bit. Wasnt everyday
that she found a bona fide celebrity in her room.
Hi,
 she said hesitantly. Im Abby.
The woman nodded. Tuckers girlfriend.
Okay, that wasnt exactly the response Abby had been
expecting.
No,
 Abby cut in. Im not
Betty Jos perfectly shaped eyebrows shot up.
I mean, were not
Betty Jo cocked her head to the side, her smile even wider.
Uh huh,
 she said getting off the bed. Thats what Tucker said
too. She pointed to the pile of clothes on the bed. These are
for you, and, I gotta say, for a woman he claims hes not sleeping
with, he sure as hell knows your size. They should
fit...perfectly.
Betty didnt give Abby a chance to say anything as she
continued, that husky voice of hers sounding like honey over
burnt toast.
Were in the restaurant having breakfast. Do you want me to
wait? There was also a pair of golf shoes on the floor.
Throat dry, Abby barely got her words out. Um, no. Its fine.
Ill meet you guys down there.
Okay,
 Betty Jo answered lightly.
Abby watched her cross the room and pause at the door. Betty
Jo glanced over her shoulder, a wicked glint in her eyes that put
Abby on alert. There was a reason the woman was in the news all
the time, and it wasnt just because she was dating one of the
most famous movie stars ever.
So, about Tucker and you just being friends
Abby watched her warily. Yes?
Bettys face broke wide open into a grin. Its okay honey, I
didnt believe him either.
Y
5
our girlfriend is hot.
Tucker glanced up as Betty Jo slid into the seat across from
him and reached for the piece of toast his brother, Beau, held.
Shes not my girlfriend,
 he retorted.
Betty Jo kissed Beaus cheek, murmured something in his ear
and grabbed the half-eaten slice. She took a bite and then made
a face.
What the hell kind of peanut butter is this?
The natural kind,
 Beau replied. The healthy kind.
She dropped it like a hot cake and with a scowl, chewed the
piece shed bitten off. She washed it down with a swig of coffee
and muttered,
natural and healthy sucks.
But Beau wasnt paying attention to his woman. Nope. He was
focused on Tucker, his gaze curious.
Girlfriend? I thought you said she was just a friend?
Shit, now Beau was gonna be like a dog with a bone. Tucker
leaned back in his chair and shook his head. Like I already told
you, she is just a friend. Nothing more.
Uh huh. You also told us to stay the hell out of your
business,
 Betty said with a chuckle.
Yeah,
 Tucker retorted. I did.

Like thats gonna happen. She smiled and reached for
Beaus toast again and almost took another bite before
remembering she wasnt so fond of what hed spread across it.
Tucker glared at the two of them and thought that agreeing to
golf in their foursome was probably the stupidest thing hed
done this weekendother than coming to the damn wedding in
the first place.
Whats gonna happen? a male voice said.
Shit,
 he muttered under his breath. He couldnt catch a
break.
Tucker reached for his coffee as their cousin joined them.
Maverick Simonor Rick as they called himwas a year
younger than Tucker and had been a pain in his ass for as long as
he could remember.
It wasnt a bad painfar from itbut a pain nonetheless.
Rick had grown up a mile down the road, and theyd attended the
same schools, shared the same girlfriends, and, along with
Tuckers brother Teague, had gotten into all kinds of shit.
For a while there, they were always in trouble and if it hadnt
of been for the firm hand of a father who cared, things might
have gone south after their last escapade. The one that involved
Senator McDaniels daughters, the borrowing of a boat, a case of
beer, a bottle of fifty year old scotch, and a bag of weed that
Teague had eventually taken the blame for.
Rick was like a brother to him, and Tucker shook his head, a
grin on his face as he eyed up his cousin. He was dark like
Tucker, but where Tuckers looks was more GQ these days, Rick
looked like a surfer from California. His hair was too long, he
needed a good shave and there were at least three new tattoos on
his forearms, from what Tucker could tell. But his eyes were
light, his smile genuine and Tucker couldnt shake the stupidass
grin off his face as he gazed at him.
God damn, but it was good to see Rick.
Never mind,
 Tucker said, clasping his cousin on the
shoulder. Where the hell have you been lately?
Rick was an incredible musician and could play more
instruments than Tucker could name. Hed attended Julliard, but
because his passion wasnt exactly classical, he was currently
scoring for movies and television, making edgy, dark, and heavy
music that had won more than a few awards.
Around,
 Rick said wryly. He winked at Betty Jo. Youre
looking good, sugar.
Maverick, dont try that crap on me,
 Betty said with a
chuckle. You know it wont work. My sugar is only for one guy
these days. Besides,
 Betty said softly. We were discussing
Tuckers new girlfriend.
Ah, shit. Really? Rick said with a frown. Sonya Devonish?
Thats real? And here I thought TMZ had it all wrong. You know
because they get so much shit right.
Irritated, Tucker glared across the table at Betty Jo. Why the
hell is everyone interested in my sex life?
I didnt say anything about sex,
 Betty shot back. You did.
Ignoring Betty, he focused on Rick. Im not here with Sonya
Devonish.
No,
 Betty butted in,
Youre not.
Tucker loved Betty Johe really didbut right now hed love
it if she would just shut the hell up.
Trust me, Abby Matthews is not my girlfriend. Shes just
a
He was so pissed off he couldnt even get the words out. He
hated when everyone was focused on him. Always had. And ever
since Marley it had gotten worse.
Shes just a what? Rick prompted.
You know,
 Tucker said. Shes just
God, he wanted to smack that look off Bettys face. The girl
was a shit disturber if hed ever seen one. How the hell did Beau
put up with that crap?
Shes hot,
 Betty piped in, as if reading his mind.
Tucker glared at her now. Shes not hot. Shes just a girl who
works in a bar all right? Nothing more. I barely know her.
Bettys eyes went wide as she looked behind him, and the
hairs on the back of his neck told him that hed crossed a line.
Hell, if he was reading the situation right, hed more than
crossed a linehed jumped over it.
Tuckers right. Were just casual friends. Nothing more.
Fuck. Me.
There was a tone in Abbys voice, and it was one he
recognized. It was the same tone she used for the losers in the
bar when they got a little too familiar and pissed her off.
Abby paused a few inches away and damn if his heart didnt
start to race at the sight of her. The clothes hed had Betty grab
in the pro-shop fit her like a glovea cream sleeveless top
tucked into black shorts that showed off those fine legs of hers.
Her hair was pulled back into a loose ponytail, the color was high
on her cheeks and her mouth was glossy and wet looking.
Her eyes though, they told a different story. God, he hadnt
finished breakfast yet and already he was in trouble. That had to
be some kind of record, even for Tucker.
Well he sure as hell is wrong about one thing,
 Rick said
with a smile as he stood and glanced down at Abby. Youre
definitely hot.
Think so? Abby replied without missing a beat. Which
made sense. The girl was used to dealing with flirty types every
single shift at the bar. Tucker had watched her in action for the
last year.
Damn right I do,
 Maverick replied with a wink.
Rick motioned for her to take the seat hed just vacated, and
Tucker glared at Betty Jo while Abby slid in beside him.
Im Maverick Simon, but everyone calls me Rick, you know,
cuz Maverick is a mouthful.
Maverick? Thats a different name. Abby poured herself a
glass of orange juice and turned slightly so that she faced Rick
and not Tucker.
You can thank his mother for that one,
 Beau said with a
grin. Shes had a lifelong obsession with Tom Cruise and fighter
pilots ever since Top Gun. Im Beau, by the way, and I guess
youve already met Betty.
Abby had to turn back in order to look at Beau properly, and
Tucker watched as the blush in her cheeks deepened. Its nice
to meet you,
 she said softly.
God, here we go. The Beau Simon effect is what he called it.
His brother smiled and their panties got all knotted up and
twisted. Normally it didnt bother him, he knew it was the whole
celebrity thingthe celebrity thing that was over and above just
being a Simon. But right now? It pissed him off.
So, what time are we teeing off? Tucker asked, pushing his
chair back. He wasnt in the mood to eat and he sure as hell
wasnt in the mood to watch Rick salivate over Abby or Abby get
all gun-shy around his brother.
What he wanted to do was to get Abby alone so he could
explain why he was being such a dick. He needed to make her
understand that the stupid shit coming out of his mouth was
juststupid crap that didnt mean anything. So he wasnt
exactly sure why he was being such an assholehe was quick on
the drawhed figure it out.
Man, we gotta go,
 Rick said, glancing at his watch. Im
teeing off in twenty minutes, and you guys are right behind us.
Whore you buddying up with? Tucker asked.
Rick got to his feet. Your brother Jack and... He scratched
his chin, eyebrows raised. Chloe?
No,
 Beau replied. Chloes like three months ago.
Huh, I missed that crash and burn. Whos he seeing these
days? Rick asked.
Monique Patterson,
 Beau and Tucker said together.
Moniqueor Mo as Tuck and Beau liked to call her mostly
because she didnt like itwas the heir to a massive
communications company. She was born and bred in the
Hamptons, came from a lot of money and spent most of her time
working on various committees and charities. A spitting image
of her French mother, she was educated, beautiful in a cool,
reserved kind of way, more than halfway snobbish and perfect
for an up-and-coming politician.
She was also boring as hell, and Tucker was glad he wasnt in
their foursome.
Ah, shit,
 Rick murmured and Tucker couldnt help but grin.
Whos your partner? Tucker asked as he too got to his feet
and moved back a few inches so that Abby could follow suit.
Ricks eyes followed Abby, and, irritated, Tuckers voice was
maybe a tad too loud. But he couldnt help it. He hadnt brought
Abby all the way to Florida so his cousin could get all up in her
business. Ogle her like she was a piece of meat or something.
Maverick? he goaded, knowing Rick hated his full name.
But there was no hating going on in Ricks world. Nope. With
his eyes still on Abby, drifting low to that round, sexy butt, he
grinned. Im golfing with Cooper.
Tucker heard Beau muffle a laugh and the irritation inside
him pretty much tripled.
Christ. How in the hell was he going to survive this day?
Lets go,
 he said to Abby, placing his hand on the small of
her back so that he could guide her toward the pro-shop and out
to the greens.
Cooper Simon was Ricks younger brother and like just Rick,
Cooper was a pain in the ass.
But he was a pain in the ass who just happened to be the
biggest man-whore this side of the Mason-Dixie line. Cooper
was as pretty as Beau, but when it came to the ladies, he had no
heart. Hed always had a callous disregard for women and had a
fondness for brunettes, and blondes and redheadshell, hed
take anyone for that matterespecially when they belonged to
someone else.
Cooper would be all over Abby.
Just fucking lovely.
B
6
y the sixth hole Abby was somewhat relaxedor as relaxed as
she was ever going to get, for the time being. It was hard to keep
things even-keel when all she could think about was how Tucker
had dismissed their relationship asas less than casual. As if
she was nothing more than a body to accompany him to a
wedding so he wasnt the pathetic loser there by himself.
Shes not hot. Ouch.
She couldnt lie. It hurt like hell to hear him say that.
And as if that wasnt bad enough,
Shes just a girl who works
in a bar all right? Nothing more. I barely know her.
That comment pissed her off. Barely knew her. Barely knew
her?
Theyd seen each other at least twice a week for the entire last
year. Spent hours talking about nothing and everything. Tucker
knew that she secretly loved country music, even though her
brothers were bona fide rockers and her parents were still
trapped in the 80s with a love of Bon Jovi and Motely Crue. He
knew that she hated peas, loved carrots and that she had a stash
of books shed never returned to the library.
God, shed even told him about Jason Bentley and the god
awful crush that had led directly to her losing her virginity in the
stockroom of the family bar.
It had been a mess. Her oldest brother, Mick, had forced his
way in after the momentous event, and shed been left with the
imprint of a case of Guinness on her ass and Jasons scared face
as hed run out the back, barely getting his jeans on.
Jason Bentley had called her a few times after that but didnt
have the balls to face her brother again. End of story.
As Abby settled in to T-off, she glanced up and caught sight of
Tucker watching her. He stood a few feet back with his brother
Beau, and Betty Jo. All three of them watched her, expectant
looks on their faces.
Tucker offered a smile.
She narrowed her eyes, lingered just long enough for him to
know she was still pissed, and then looked down at the ball.
He sighed.
She glanced back up at him.
He shoved his hands into his pockets and grimaced as Betty Jo
said something that Abby was too far away to hear.
Abby relaxed her wrists and focused on her pretty neon pink
golf ball. She stared at it for a few seconds, inhaled, then swung
her driver back, nice and easy likeas if she was opening a door
and drove the ball over two hundred yards down the middle of
the fairway.
Wow! Great shot, Abby,
 Beau said with a wide grin. Man,
you whacked that ball harder than most guys I know.
Abby slid her driver back into her golf bag and shrugged, her
smile sweet as sugar pie. You just need the right technique and
sometimes a little motivation helps.
Yeah? Beau said with a grin. Whats your motivation?
Betty Jo snorted and elbowed Tucker in the ribs, who scowled
in response and said something not fit for the golf course.
I just pictured Tuckers face on the ball and went for it.
Bettys snort ended in a full bodied laugh as she tugged on
Beaus hand and propelled him toward their cart. I knew I was
going to like her.
Abby walked around the cart she shared with Tucker and slid
onto her seat, waiting for him to join her.
Nice shot,
 he said as they started down the fairway.
She didnt reply because her throat was suddenly so tight she
didnt think that she could. She fingered the cracked T shed just
used, palming it and looking pretty much anywhere other than
in Tuckers general direction.
Beau and Betty Jo were several yards ahead of them, speeding
toward Bettys bright orange ball when all of a sudden Tucker
brought their cart to an abrupt halt.
Whoa, Tucker. She glared at him, throat suddenly clear.
Maybe I should drive.
He took a moment and when he spoke he sounded calm,
though his hands gripped the steering wheel so tightly that his
knuckles were white and she knew he was as riled as she was.
Can we talk about this?
She didnt have to ask what this was because this had been
festering since breakfast.
Right now? she asked incredulously. You want to talk
about this right now?
He nodded, eyes dark as he stared her down. Yeah. I do. I get
it. I was a dick last night and this morning
Last night you were a dick, but this morning you were an
outright asshole and out of the two, I prefer the dick. She
gulped, cheeks bright. And I know what I just said, so shut up.
Tucker sighed and leaned back in the seat, his eyes on his
brother and girlfriend as Betty Jo argued with Beauloudly
about what club to use. Betty was thinking the nine iron while
Beau was gently suggesting she needed something with more
power considering her drive had barely made fifty yards.
Abby followed his gaze and felt a flutter inside her when Beau
leaned down and stopped whatever the heck Betty was trying to
say with his mouth. He kissed her slowly as if he was taking his
time to taste every little bit of her that he could, his hands
cupping the sides of her face as if she was something to be
cherished.
Something he couldnt live without.
The flutter expanded, leeching into her chest painfully. God,
how Abby wanted that with someone.
Who the hell was she kidding? Dick or asshole or whatever,
she wanted that with Tucker.
I didnt mean what I said earlier. Tucker said roughly and
she turned away from his brother, cheeks heated and heart still
flopping around like a rubber chicken. Boing. Boing. Boing.
Tucker was watching her, his dark eyes soft, tugging on
something inside of Abby. Something attached to her stupid,
bouncing rubber chicken of a heart. How the hell did he do that?
With just one look?
I justmy family has always been real hands-on, if you
know what I mean. They like to be in my business. He frowned
and shook his head. No, thats wrong. They need to be up in my
business, but sometimes its too much.
Abby got that. She had six brothers, so hell yeah she got that.
Theyre just looking out for you, Tucker. Thats what friends
and family do. They care about you, and sometimes that kind of
love gets messy.
I know. Of course I know that, but its so goddamn
suffocating at times. After Marley, it got worse. I didnt need
Beau calling me ten times a day to make sure I showered or my
brother Teague dropping by for breakfast, lunch, and freaking
dinner, because he didnt think Id be responsible enough to eat.
I didnt need Mom coming by to do my laundry or Dad trying to
get me out for a round of golf or to watch a game.
I didnt need it. I would have survived on my own. He
exhaled slowly. But I took itbecause thats what they do
thats who my family is. Theyre loud and opinionated and every
single one of them would go to the wall for me, you know? But
its not about that anymore. Its about other shit. Its about my
mom freaking out because she thinks Im going to turn into a
guy who sits in his apartment by himself for days, watching porn
and ordering pizza every night. Hell, she was ready to order me
up a prostitute, because she thinks I havent been laid in
forever.
Guess shes not up on the parade of Barbie dolls youve
brought into my bar,
 Abby said softly.
No,
 Tucker said quietly. No shes not. He shrugged and
ran his hands across the top of his head. I dont know why Im
being such an asshole.
That damn lump was back in her throat and as much as Abby
wanted to be pissed off at Tucker for the entire day, she just
couldnt.
I dont want to be that girl Shit. That friend,
 she said
quickly, dropping her eyes back to the T in her hand. You know
the whiny, annoying friend. But Im helping you out here,
Tucker, so the least you could do is treat me like I matter and not
as if Im some lame-ass afterthought.
Jesus,
 he said under his breath. Tucker leaned toward her
and Abby froze. Everything inside her stopped working.
Her lungs. Swoosh, they went.
Her heart. Bouncy rubber chicken stopped boinging.
Her ears. There was nothing but white air.
Nothing but Tuckers warm brown eyes with lashes as thick as
molasses. Nothing but his thick dark hair, that full, almost
feminine mouth, the cleft in his chin and the masculine scent
that was all him.
In those few moments, there was only Tucker Simon because
the world around them stopped moving too.
The two of them stared at each other for a long time, not
saying a word. Tucker looking intense and Abbywell, she was
hoping she looked like she had her shit together. There was
something going on here, right now between them, and she had
the feeling that it could be something really, really important
Or maybe really, really, painful.
She just didnt know which.
She wasnt exactly sure when the world started moving again
or when her lungs decided to start working or when her heart
started beating. But eventually the things in the background
came into focus once more.
Abby, look, Im sorry if I offended you this morning. I didnt
mean to. I justthere will be an expectation from them and I
guess thats what Im trying to avoid.
Expectation? she managed to say. Abby cleared her throat
and tossed the T that was still in her palm as her rubber chicken
heart began to beat again, the rhythm sad and kind of pathetic.
Id hate for my mom and dad to get their hopes up.
She knew what he was getting at, but some masochistic part
of her needed to hear it.
What do you mean?
Tucker settled back in his seat and gripped the steering wheel
once again. Theyve been through a lot. They loved my wife and
when Marleyleft, when that happened, it didnt just happen to
me, you know? She happened to my whole family. He paused.
My parents will like you. Theyll like you a lot because theyd be
crazy not to, and thats what has me worried because you and I
know that this weekend means nothing. At least nothing more
than two friends hanging out, trying to have a good time.
Something hot pricked at the corner of her eyes, and it took a
lot of effort for Abby to keep it cool. To not react.
Tuckers eyes finally moved back to the green ahead as he
slowly applied pressure to the pedal, and the golf cart began to
move. The thing between them was still there, heavy and thick
in the air, but it seemed as if Abby had read it all wrong.
Betty Jo has us sleeping together and her mouth doesnt
know what a filter is. My mom is going to take one look at you
and see wedding bells.
He stopped the cart a few feet from Abbys ball.
I should have just come by myself. What the hell was I
thinking? He groaned. How am I going to get her to see that
were just friends when shes going to have her wedding goggles
on?
Abby wasnt sure how she managed to do it, but she slid from
the cart and went around back to select her seven iron.
Easy,
 she said lightly.
Really,
 he replied.
Sure,
 Abby walked over to her ball. Ill just sleep with
whos the cousin youve warned me to stay away from? Cooper?
Yes, CooperIll sleep with him and that should do it. Before
this weekends over, your mother wont want me anywhere near
you.
I hope to hell youre joking.
Abby refused to look back at him, instead she glanced toward
the green and moved into place.
What if Im not? she asked lightly.
Abigail, dont go there.
Her hands gripped the club too tightly and she had to force
herself to relax.
Abigail,
 she repeated. Shit, now you sound just like my
brothers.
She was bent over from the waist, lining up her shot when
Tuckers feet entered her peripheral.
Cooper is bad news. You think I was an asshole this
morning? Hed sleep with you before dinner, grab another
woman at cocktail time, and once hes done with her, hed be on
to the next.
She glanced up at Tucker before taking her shot.
And your point is
Tucker looked really pissed off now. Interesting.
A shot of adrenaline pulsed through Abby as she stared him
down. His cheeks were red, his hands were clasped into fists, and
the look on his face was not nice. It was fierce, almost
possessive.
My point is that a guy like Cooper isnt the right guy for
someone like you.
And my point is, that if you want your parents and family off
your back about us, a little harmless flirting on my part will
probably do it.
No,
 he said roughly. Thats a bad idea.
Abby relaxed her grip, settled her hips and loosened her
shoulders. She exhaled and hit her ball, a nice clean sweep,
watching it soar through the air to land on the green within a
foot of the hole.
The devil might have been nipping at her heels. Or maybe it
was the fact that she suddenly felt as if she had nothing left to
lose. But the fire in Tuckers eyes told her something. It told her
that maybe he was jealous at the thought of Abby and his cousin
together.
Jealous.
And that meant that maybe there was something between
them. Maybe that hot and heavy thing was exactly what she
wanted it to be. A spark. A flame. Maybe it could turn into a
goddamn volcano.
Call her crazy, but Abby figured there was only one way to find
outthe question was how to get it done without actually
sleeping with Cooper?
She smiled and tucked her club back into her bag and slid
back into cart. Lets go,
 she said lightly.
There were several holes to get through. There was the
rehearsal dinner.
And there was the illusive Cooper Simon to pretend-seduce.
What could go wrong?
T
7
ucker grabbed a cold beer from the waiter and leaned back
against the bar as his family began to gather in the hotel
restaurant for dinner. The impressive group of Simons had just
come from the Fernham estate twenty minutes away, which
boasted an old antebellum mansion where the wedding rehearsal
had taken place and where the wedding ceremony would be
performed tomorrow.
Tucker wasnt in the actual wedding party, so hed passed on
heading out there to watch, and instead after golf, had relaxed in
his suite while Betty had taken Abby to the spa to get their toes
done.
He glanced at his watch and scowled. That was nearly three
and a half hours ago. How long did it take a woman to get her
damn toes done? Hed had time to make several business calls,
shower and change, and was already on to his second beer.
He took another swig, eyes narrowed as his cousins Cooper
and Rick arrived at the reception. Their younger sister, Calista,
was the bride and both of them were standing up for the groom.
Cooper hadnt shown for golf this morning and Tucker was
guessing either a woman or a bottle of Gray Goose was to blame.
He thought about is some more. Probably both.
Rick nodded and elbowed his brother as Cooper turned toward
Tucker. It was eerie how much Cooper looked like Beau. Hell,
they could pass as brothers, well, except Beau wasnt an asshole.
The two men started toward Tucker but were waylaid by Aunt
Virginia, and Tucker took another swig, not bothering to hide a
grin as Aunt Virginia tucked her arm through Coopers.
Virginia had a soft spot for all the blond Simon boyshe
would be there for a while.
Tucker glanced to his left as Beau sidled up to the bar.
Shit, I was starting to think that youd gone off with Betty
too.
Beau snorted. Yeah, cuz a spa is exactly where Id be right
now.
Tucker took another swig from his bottle. He didnt want to
ask the question even though he was dying
Theyre on their way down. Betty just sent me a text.
Huh,
 was Tuckers reply.
Apparently my lady love felt the need to squeeze in a little
shopping.
Christ,
 Tucker muttered. Im not convinced that retail
therapy is cheaper than a shrink, no matter what she says.
No kidding,
 Beau said in agreement, accepting a cold one
from the bartender. Who the hell decides to go shoe shopping
an hour before dinner? Especially a woman who brings a suitcase
just for her shoes. I swear to God she packed twenty pairs to
come down here for the weekend, and shell wear maybe two of
them.
The two men sat in relative peaceat least for the moment
mostly because Aunt Virginia had Rick and Cooper cornered, and
the rest of the cousins hadnt spotted them yet. In a family as
high profile as the Simons, Beau, with his Hollywood celebrity,
stood out.
Beau took another pull from his longneck and then set it on
the bar as he leaned back. Mom and Dad arent here yet.
Nope,
 Tucker replied, scanning the room although it
wasnt for his parents.
I think their flight was delayed from Toronto.
Tucker swiveled his head around. Toronto? They were up at
the cottage?
The Simon family had a big piece of property on Lake
Muskoka and spent a fair bit of time up there in the summer. It
had been in the family since the early 50s, and Tucker and his
brothers had been going up there since he could remember.
For at least a week. They always go up for the Canadian
Thanksgiving to spend the weekend with their friends. Beau
frowned. Whens the last time you talked to them?
Tucker didnt want to admit that hed been avoiding his
mothers calls ever since shed brought up the whole prostitute
thing, so he just shrugged and shook his head. Its been a few
weeks.
Shes going to lay into you when she does get here. You
know that, right?
Tucker didnt answer because there was nothing to say. Beau
was right. His mother would have more than a few choice words
for him, and damned if he didnt deserve them.
Beau nodded toward Aunt Virginia. I guess you heard that
Uncle Max broke his hip?
Nah, I didnt hear that. Good. It meant that Aunt Virginia
would hopefully attach herself to Cooper for most of the night
instead of bothering him because lord knows the woman liked to
dance.
Apparently he was trying to wave-board and didnt quite
make it.
Wave-board? A grin tugged on Tuckers mouth. Are you
shitting me? Hes got to be pushing eighty, isnt he?
Mom says hell be ninety-two next year.
Wow,
 was all Tucker had.
Yeah.
Tucker glanced at Beau, but his brothers eyes slid away.
Something was up.
Whats on your mind?
A few moments ticked by and then Beau grabbed up his
longneck and tore at the edge of the label.
Its got to be hard for you.
Tuckers chest tightened, but he kept his eyes on Beau as he
continued.
Coming back here, I mean. You and Marleyyou guys spent
most of your time together in the Keys.
Tucker didnt answer Beau right away. He nodded at the
bartender and motioned for two more drinks. Once they were
served, he shoved a hand into the front pocket of his navy slacks
and tried to relax his shoulders, but it was no use. He was strung
tight and loosened his tie a bit.
I had to come back at some point, right?
He couldnt meet his brothers eyes. Instead he tipped the
bottle against his mouth and drank damn near the entire thing.
Yeah,
 Beau said softly. I guess you did.
All around them, groups had gathered. Family members who
hadnt seen each other in months or years even, hugged and
chatted. It was an animated bunch. A crazy, eclectic, loud bunch
that Tucker called family, and he realized that he had missed
them. Hell, even eccentric Aunt Virginia.
The Simons were his blood, and hed been away for far too
long.
Theres my boys.
Tucker barely had time to turn around before he was
enveloped in a bear hug from a man who still had at least an inch
or so on his sons.
Noah Simon was a force of nature who took no prisoners.
He was as at ease in the boardroom as he was in the swamps
hunting gators. A southern boy through and through, hed been
raised right by a woman whod done it on her own after his
father was killed in the Korean War. He was the kind of man who
believed that the power of discipline only worked when it was
dealt with a gentle hand. And he was also a man who believed in
dealing swiftly with those who crossed himhe wasnt someone
youd want as an enemy.
After embracing both his boys, Noah stepped back, his
piercing eyes as blue as ever.
Tuck, you better get your shit together because your mama
isnt exactly happy with you, and youve got about two minutes
before she makes her way over here.
And his forthright manner was pretty much the same too.
I know,
 Tucker replied a bit sheepishly. Ive been meaning
to call. Ive just beenbusy.
Busy,
 Noah said carefully, his eyes moving to the
bartender. Ill have a scotch, neat. He returned his gaze to his
sons.
She worries about you, Tucker. I know youre a grown man
and life gets in the way, but you need to check in from time to
time. Your mother gets antsy when she doesnt hear from you
and when your mama isnt happy, well
His father didnt have time to say anything else because
Cooper had somehow managed to extricate himself from Aunt
Virginias clutches, and he and Rick joined them at the bar.
Cooper shook Noahs hand and then clapped Beau on the
shoulder before turning to Tucker. He paused for a moment as if
he wasnt sure what to say and then offered his hand. Damn
good to see you, Tuck. Its been a while.
Tucker shook his cousins hand, and in spite of himself, felt a
gentle tug inside. Theyd been so close once. And even though
the aftermath of Marleys death had put something between
them allmost of his cousins didnt know what to do or say
Tucker took some of the blame. He hadnt made things easy for
any of them either.
I hear things are going well for you in New York.
Things are good,
 Tucker replied.
Rick told me you just signed Dean Kendrick as a client. I
gotta say, thats pretty damn impressive.
Kendrick? Beau said, as his father echoed the name. When
did this happen?
One thing about the Simons, every single one of them were
sports junkiesit didnt matter whether it was baseball, hockey,
basketball, or football. Take your pick. If there was a sports team
involved, the Simons were invested. Some would say fanatical.
Beau had been a starting pitcher for the Yanks before an
injury ended his career and a chance encounter with a director
set him on a path toward Hollywood and superstardom. If not for
that, hed still be playing the game.
The conversation quickly snowballed into an intense
discussion about Kendrick and his future with the Rangers, and
for a few minutes, Tucker lost himself in it. It was easy to do
Cooper and Beau felt that he was the franchise player Tucker
believed him to be. While his father and Rick felt he was too
young to carry the weight of the team and definitely too green to
lead.
Their corner soon got loud, as the Simons tended to do, and it
might have accelerated if not for the woman making her way
toward them.
Tuckers mother appeared at his fathers side, effectively
shutting down the curse words. Not that his mother was a prude
far from itbut his mom had a few rules in that regard.
Firstly, if you had the occasion to wear a suit, than cursing
wasnt allowed. And secondly? If you had the occasion to wear a
suit and disregarded her first rule, then there would be hell to
pay.
Tuckers mom believed cursing was best left for the outdoors
or behind closed doors, and most definitely not in mixed
company.
She kissed her husband, Noah, on the cheek and then reached
for Tucker.
Eden DuRocher-Simon was small, delicate even, but Tucker
braced himself as he scooped her into a hug, because he knew
that she had no problem giving it to any of them. And right
about now he was the one who was going to be getting the
giving.
But she surprised Tucker. She accepted his kiss, his
murmured apology for not returning her calls, and she even
smiled up at him as he relaxed his grip. Her smile was almost a
little too sweet.
Tucker watched her suspiciously. Something was up.
You look beautiful, Mom,
 Tucker murmured, squeezing her
hand as she stepped back.
And she did. Her hair, the color of burnished sable, glistened
beneath the lights, brushing her shoulders. She wore a pale
yellow dress, classy in style with a fitted bodice and a skirt that
fell just above her knee. It was set off with a strand of pearls that
he knew his father had given her on their wedding day, the
matching earrings finishing the ensemble.
Eden accepted a glass of wine from her husband and took a
sip, her look direct as she gazed up at her son.
Tucker knew something was coming at him and he had a
feeling it was
So I just met the loveliest girl. Abby Mathews.
Shit.
Tucker glanced at Beau, but his brother shrugged which
basically meant he was on his own.
Is she the reason youve been,
 his mothers eyebrow shot
up,
so busy?
Christ. Here we go.
Mom,
 Tucker began, but he was cutoff by a low whistle.
Who the hell is that? Cooper asked as they all gazed across
the room.
Cooper, language,
 Eden murmured.
Betty Jo was grabbing two champagne glasses from a waiter,
and sure, she looked amazing as ever, but it was the woman
beside her who had Tuckers attention. And he was pretty damn
sure she had everyone elses too.
Abby.
She looked unbelievable and not at all like the Abby he was
used to. This Abby looked as if shed just stepped out of the
pages of some society magazine.
Dramatic makeup. Hair styled so that it fell over one shoulder
in rippling waves of dark chestnut. Mouth glossy and full.
Dressed in a strapless blood red cocktail dress that hugged her
figure in a way that was meant to garner attention, Tucker snuck
a look at his cousins. Rick was smiling at her and Coopers gaze
was locked onto Abby as if she was a piece of candy he wanted to
lick.
Tucker took a step forward. No way in hell was Cooper getting
close to Abby. If anyone was going to lick her, it was gonna be
him.
Who thewho is that woman? Cooper asked again.
Tucker threw his cousin a warning look which only made
Coopers smile widen.
Why thats Tuckers new friend, Abby,
 his mother replied
in her slow southern drawl. And shes such a delight. Smart as a
whip, funny as all get out and she can hold her own with Betty,
which she glanced at Beau and winkedisnt the easiest
thing to do.
Beau snorted. You got that right.
I like a woman with a sense of humor,
 his mother said
softly.
Really,
 Cooper replied. I cant wait to meet her.
Something hot and dangerous pulsed inside Tucker, and for a
second, he visualized his fist connecting with Coopers perfect
fucking nose.
He didnt act on it, and he sure as hell didnt pay any
attention to it.
What he did do was set his empty beer bottle on the bar and,
with a curt nod toward his mother, headed for the lady in red.
H
8
eres some champagne. It will help loosen you up.
Abby accepted the glass from Betty Jo, her palms sweaty and
her fingers wooden. It was a miracle she didnt drop the slender
flute, and for a few seconds she concentrated hard so that she
wouldnt.
Nervous didnt come close to describing what was going on
inside her stomach. Heck, it was like a convention of butterflies
had gone bat-shit crazy. How the hell had she let Betty Jo talk
her into wearing this dress? This makeup?
She glanced lower. These shoes?
They had come-fuck-me written all over them and with the
slit nearly up to her hip they were there for everyone to see.
Thats if anyones eyes made it past the top of her dress which,
at the moment, barely supported her breasts. And she didnt
want to think about how low the back was. In fact shed asked
Betty Jo twice if her butt crack wasnt peeking out of the top of
the gown.
Never in her life had she worn a dress that didnt allow for a
bra or underwear. Never. But thanks to Betty Jo Barker, Abby was
going commando. And thanks to the hotel spa, she was smooth
in places shed never been smooth before.

Holy. Hell.
Back in Bettys room when shed glanced in the mirror, she
hadnt recognized herself. Not that she wasnt impressed with
the results. She knew she looked good. Really good. Like she
could walk a red carpet beside Betty Jo and maybe hold her own.
That was pretty damn good.
But looking sexy and fitting into that skin were two different
things. She just didnt know if she could carry off the look.
Didnt know if she could walk the walk.
Abby had always been a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. Even
back in New York, she wasnt much for the night clubs unless
they included a rock band or the blues. Hence, the T-shirt and
jeansmaybe the occasional skirtbut never anything like this.
Oh God. And she always wore underwear. Sheesh, if her
mother knew the state of what was going on between her legs,
shed have a freaking coronary.
You never know if youll be in an accident Abigail. Always
wear undies. Clean undies.
You look hot,
 Betty said with a grin. Like if I was bent that
way, Id totally do you.
Abby managed a smile and took a sip of champagne. Shed
thought theyd be overdressed, but Betty had assured her that
the Simons didnt do dinner in a fancy restaurant unless they
were dressed to the nines. Judging by the jewels, suits and
gowns, Abby had seen as they entered the room, Betty was right.
Not that it made Abby feel any better, but still
Betty leaned in. Tucker looks more than a little hot under
the collar.
Even though she hadnt looked out at the sea of Simons and
extended family, Abby knew exactly where Tucker was. She could
feel the touch of him, as if he was next to her. Thats how hot her
Tucker Simon radar was.
Thats how much trouble she was in.
She gulped some more champagne and kept her eyes glued to
Betty, who looked real pleased with herself.
Youve already won Eden over, and shes a hard nut to crack
let me tell you. Betty smiled at someone, a quick sort of thing
before she continued. God, it took me at least six months to get
on her good side, and it finally took a home cooked meal which I
took credit for but my sister Bobbi prepared. Bettys eyes
flashed with mischief. I also promised to cook Beau at least one
home-cooked meal a week and I gave her a piece of artwork from
my soon to be brother-in-law, Shane Gallagher.
That name rang a bell.
Shane Gallagher, the hot guy artist with the tattoos and bad
reputation is engaged to your sister?
Abby remembered Tucker talking about him after a showing
of his art at a gallery not far from her familys pub. Tucker had
come in with a blonde on his arm and the blonde had spent most
of the evening with a bored look on her face while Tucker had
shown Abby pictures of Shanes work.
Thats the one,
 Betty nodded.
Hes very talented. This was good. Abby could carry on a
conversation without tripping over her words.
Dont take your eyes off me,
 Betty said softly. Tucker
looks like he wants to strangle his cousin Cooper, and Cooper
looks as if he wants to eat you. Betty giggled. This is gonna be
epic.
Abbys stomach flipped and she nearly dropped her
champagne glass. I dont think I can do this.
Yeah, you can,
 Betty answered. Cooper is notorious for
wanting something that doesnt belong to him.
But I dont belong
Cut the crap, Abby.
Abbys eyes widened as Betty turned to her and suddenly the
flirtatious party girl was gone, replaced with a direct no bullshit
version. I see the way you look at Tucker, and I can feel the
sexual tension between the two of you. Even this morning when
you were pissed at him. Even then.
Abby was silent, her heart nearly beating out of her chest.
Was she that transparent? Did everyone know?
I mean, seriously. On the golf course my panties were on fire
every time I got near you two, so dont tell me your cock-andbull
story that making a play for Cooper is only because you want
to protect Tucker. To keep Eden and Noah off his back. Im not
buying that. You want to make him jealous as hell.
Betty leaned in, her mouth close to Abbys ear. And I gotta
say sweetie, its working.
Abby.
Tuckers voice never failed to make her knees weak. It had a
roughness to it, like aged whisky over smooth ice.
She turned toward him and held a soft smile in place while
the butterflies in her stomach took off and whooshed around like
they were tumbling inside a washing machine. Abby knew that if
she didnt get hold of her shit, it wasnt going to be pretty.
In fact it might get downright pathetic.
Tucker,
 Betty said stepping forward and giving him a peck
on the cheek. Youre looking all dark and dangerous.
Something got you worked up?
No,
 he replied, voice dangerously low, eyes on Abby.
I dont believe you,
 Betty said dryly.
I dont care,
 he replied, eyes still on Abby.
Whatever, hon,
 Betty answered lightly. Ill see you both in
a bit. I need to find my man.
A shiver rolled over Abby and even though she was wearing
heelscome-fuck-me-heels at thatshe had to tip her head a
bit in order to meet his gaze.
Seconds passedor they could have been minutes for all
Abby knewbut his dark chocolate eyes never left her and that
feeling of nervous tension in her gut expanded. Considering that
there was no give in her dress, that was saying something.
You look real good in red,
 Tucker said, stepping so close
that the heat of him washed over her, rolling across Abby like a
sea of fire.
Thanks,
 she managed without sounding like an idiot.
Again she shivered, but it wasnt from the
Cold? he asked.
No, Im
God, Im hot as hell.
The air conditioning takes a bit to get used to,
 she managed
to say, hoping she didnt sound like a complete idiot.
Moistening her lips, she lowered her lashes.
God, he looked good and he smelled even better.
Tuckers dark hair waved a bit from the humidity, his eyes
glittered, and his skin was already kissed from just one
afternoon in the sun. Sure it helped that his complexion was
already dark, but still.
Not fair.
Hed shaved for dinner and while most of the men present
were wearing suits, hed opted for just a tiewhich was
loosenedand his crisp white shirt was rolled up to his elbows.
Dark navy slacks hugged his hips and he didnt have to turn
around for her to know his ass looked amazing, too.
Tucker had a casual air about him, but it did nothing to hide
the dangerous glint of something that rolled just beneath the
surface. Something that was meaty and hot and
She cleared her throat and inhaled a shaky breath before
daring to look up again.
Wrong thing to do because the man literally took her breath
away, and right now that was very inconvenient. How the hell
was she supposed to act all nonchalant if she couldnt effing
breathe?
Did you wear this dress for Cooper? He leaned closerso
close she could count every single one of his thick lashes. So
close that his scentthat sexy as hell Tucker Simon scent
settled inside her nostrils.
Inside Abby.
Or did you wear it for me?
Mouth dry, Abby licked her lips and took a few seconds to
calm her nerves.
One.
Two.
Three.
I wore it for myself, if you want to know the truth.
Huh. A slow, devastating smile spread across Tuckers face
as he regarded her for a few moments in silence. It was a good
choice.
He paused, something flickering in the depths of his eyes
and it made Abby think that she was toying with something
dangerous and hazardous to her health.
You look beautiful.
God, she wasnt used to thisnot with Tuckerand after
another second passed, Abby finally got her shit together.
Thanks,
 she said lightly. You dont look so bad yourself.
Now, are you going to introduce me to the rest of your family, or
are we going to stand here while they whisper about us behind
the backs of their hands?
Tucker moved so that he was beside her and settled his palm
on her lower back. Tingles and shooting rockets burst inside
Abby as his fingers grazed her naked skin, and she hoped like
hell he didnt hear the sharp intake of air through her teeth,
because she sounded like a goddamn whistle.
Shit, Abby. You do know that your dress barely covers your

Yeah, I do.
A heartbeat passed.
And then Tucker leaned down, his breath warm against her
cheek. Youre a liar, darlin.
She turned slightly and only then realized that her mouth was
a whisper away from Tuckers.
What do you mean?
His dark eyes were intense. They traveled from her mouth,
down to her breasts and then back up again.
You didnt wear this dress for your own pleasure. You wore
this dress because you knew it would drive me crazy. Cooper
isnt going to leave you alone.
Eventually she found her voice and spoke lightly, as if this
was a game, and not something that had her heart in her throat.
Is it working?
Tuckers fingers splayed across her back, resting just above
the swell of her butt, his heat searing her skin.
Guess were gonna find out.
With that he prodded her forward, but his hand never left her
body.
B
9
y eleven oclock, Tucker wasnt sure he was going to be able to
get through the rest of the night without either A) punching his
cousin Cooper in the throat or B) finding some dark corner and
kissing Abby until he couldnt breathe.
So what exactly did that say about him?
Abby Mathews was his friend, goddammit. Friend. Pal.
Confidant. As in the girl who was off limitsat least where the
sex part came into playbut right now the sex part was pretty
much all Tucker was focused on.
All he could think about was Abby Mathews. Her mouth. Her
smile. Her eyes. Her breasts. The way she smelledlight and
fresh with a hint of something exoticand the way she laughed
so easily you just knew it wasnt forced.
Then there was that fine butt barely covered by a dress made
for sinning.
The carnal thoughts going through his head were X-rated,
and even though he tried to keep his eyes off of her, he couldnt.
He felt like a goddamn teenager all over again, one who wanted
to mark territory that he had no business marking.
He shifted in his seat, uncomfortable, and not because his leg
was cramped or anything. He was horny as hell and the evidence
between his legs wasnt something he wanted his mother to
catch sight of. Not when hed just spent the last few hours trying
to convince her that shed read everything wrong.
Hed assured his parents that he and Abby were just friends.
More than once because his mother has asked more than once.
Hell, even Abby had smiled sweetly and said the same thing, but
his mother had just shook her head as if she knew a secret they
didnt and smiled at them.
Even then, his mother had still questioned him about the
status of their relationship, asking him if he was going to bring
her out to White Haven, the family home up the coast, or maybe
up to the cottage in Canada. She made a point to let him know
the place was empty for the next few months.
Tucker had stayed pretty close to Abby throughout the
evening, and she still managed to flirt outrageously with Cooper
which was why he wanted to punch his cousin in the throat
as well as Maverick. Shit, youd think the two of them had never
seen a beautiful woman before. They were like bees flitting
around a pot of honey, and it was driving Tucker fucking crazy.
He had no business getting crazy or anything else for that
matter, and yet he was getting tired of fighting the questions.
Tired of lusting after a woman he knew he was no good for. But
hell, he was only human.
He wanted her. plain and simple, and if he was reading the
signals right, she wanted him toand that was a problem.
Contrary to whatever the hell notion was going on inside his
mothers head, he and Abby were friends. Shit, if Tucker was
gonna be real honest with himself, hed venture to say that over
the last six months or so, shed become his closest friend.
She knew things about him he hadnt shared with anyone.
Things about Marley and the life that never happened. Things he
hadnt even shared with his twin Teague or brother Beau.
There were some things that were still unsaid, some things he
didnt feel right sharing with anyone, but for the most part Abby
knew everything.
He knew his head was still screwed up over his wife, so how
could he entertain the thought of some sort of relationship when
there were so many loose ends in his life? He couldnt go there
with a woman like Abby, because a woman like Abby deserved
more than sex, and aside from friendship, that was pretty much
all he had to offer.
With a groan Tucker shifted again, his eyes on Abby as she
laughed at something Rick said. Cooper was nowhere in sight so
that was something, but Rick and Abby were near the patio that
looked out over the water. A slight breeze had built, teasing the
air with her hair, and he watched the elegant lift of her hand as
she tucked a piece behind her ear.
She rocked jeans and T-shirtsthere was no doubt about that
but something about this ultra feminine and sexy side of her
was appealing. More than appealing.
Shit,
 he muttered, running his hands over the top of his
head. He thought of his brother Teague and wished that he was
here. At least then hed have someone to bitch to who would
understand. Beau was too wrapped up in Betty Jo, and hed
hardly seen his older brother Jack. A rising star in the
Democratic party, Jack Simon was in demand, and it seemed
everyone wanted a piece of him, even at a family function.
Your friend is something else, Tuck. Glad you found her.
Speak of the devil.
Tucker glanced up as Jack stopped just in front of him. His
dress shirt was undone, tie long gone, and the annoying Monique
was nowhere to be seen. Shed flitted around him like a
goddamn fly all night, and it was obvious that Jack wasnt the
only one with aspirations. Monique Patterson had her sights set
on being a Simon, and Tucker had a feeling that if his brother
didnt play it right, he just might end up saddled with a woman
he didnt love.
God, not you too,
 Tucker muttered. Look, were not
involved.
Jack cocked his head to the side, an eyebrow arched. Okay,

he said eventually, dragging the word out a bit.
Were not,
 Tucker repeated, louder than he should. Christ,
what the hell was wrong with his family? Did they not
understand the English language?
Jack glanced across the room as Abbys laughter drifted over
to them, and Tucker followed his direction. It had been a long
day for most, and with the wedding in less than ten hours, the
crowd was thinning.
Too bad,
 Jack murmured, slipping his arms into his suit
jacket. I like her.
Yeah,
 Tucker replied. Shes easy to like. He paused, eyes
still on Abby. Wheres Monique?
Headache. She gets bad migraines.
Not surprised. The woman was strung as tight a bow and anal
about everything. Being around her was exhausting, and he
didnt know how Jack put up with her.
She headed up to the room about twenty minutes ago.
Tucker watched Abby lean closer to Rick, laughter bubbling on
her lips. His cousin said somethingeliciting another round of
gigglesand then headed for the bar, while Abby rolled her
shoulders and glanced toward Tucker. She was flushed, sexy as
hell, and probably well on her way to being more than a little
drunk. Tucker knew that wine wasnt her drink of choiceshe
was more of a Bud Light kind of girl. But in this crowd, shed
stuck to champagne and wine and shed had more than her share
of the Pinot Grigio before and after dinner.
Abby held Tuckers gaze for a few seconds, a soft smile on her
lips, and it felt as if they were the only two people in the room.
Just like that, the air was sucked from his lungs and Tucker sat
straighter, nerves jumping like a junkie looking for a fix. A
sudden gust of wind tugged on her hair blowing it across her face
and she turned on her heel, disappearing into the night.
Tucker was on his feet and mumbling a goodnight to his
brother in exactly three seconds flat. He strode past the bar, past
those gathered for last call, past his cousin Rick and a few
others, never taking his eyes off the doorway that Abby had
disappeared through.
Once outside, he took a moment to let his eyes adjust to the
gloom, though there was a sliver of moonlight bathing the tables
and chairs in an eerie mist. Florida in October wasnt exactly an
oven, but it was cooler than normal and his breath made puffs as
he exhaled.
Where the hell was she?
He glanced around, a frown on his face. The smell of the
ocean and the sound of the waves soothed him as he caught
sight of Abby near two large palm trees, down on the beach.
Her silhouette looked ghostlythe breeze still carried her
hair, and she made no effort to tame the long strands so they
drifted around her head in a slow, sensual dance. He made his
way across the patio, his leather Armanis sinking into the sand
as he headed toward her. Tucker stopped a few feet from Abby
and shoved his hands into his front pockets.
Its so nice out here,
 she said without looking back at him.
Peaceful.
Are you cold?
No.
Tucker took another step and he was beside Abby. He stared
out into the darkness, watching the white frothy waves as they
crested and came toward them, falling apart when they met the
beach.
But sad somehow you know? she continued softly. As if
therere secrets out there that well never know.
An ache formed in Tuckers gut as he continued to look out
over the water.
Or maybe secrets he wasnt ever meant to know.
Your family is lovely.
Abby turned to him and that fresh scent of hers drifted in the
air. It infiltrated his body and chased away his bad thoughts.
God, she smelled nice.
I dont know if lovely is the word Id use to describe them,
but theyre mine and I cant complain. He paused. They really
like you.
Even Cooper? she said with a sly smile.
Tucker laughed. Especially, Cooper. He leaned down, so
that his mouth was next to her ear. And Rick and Beau and hell,
you managed to make an impression on Jack, and hes been so
damn preoccupied lately that thats gotta win you some kind of
prize.
Prize? Her voice was husky now. Do I get to pick my
prize?
For a moment there was nothing but the sound of waves
buffeting the beach and the whistle of wind in the palm leaves
overhead. Things faded away, the rolling waves gentled and the
wind softened. It was as if the those few seconds hung in the air
frozen in timeleaving him only with water and sand and
Abby.
And a deep, dangerous undercurrent of sexual awareness that
he couldnt shake off, no matter how hard he tried.
In that dress, you can pretty much ask for anything.
She moved slightly so that she was facing him, her eyes
downcast, her chest rose and fell rapidlyas if she was having
trouble breathing. And dammit if Tucker didnt have the same
problem. The air was too heavy, it was filled with dark and
lustful things.
Anything? she repeated.
She glanced up suddenly, and Tucker was lost in the shiny
depths of her eyes. Had they always been soso large and
expressive? He might have groaned when she licked her lips.
Kiss me,
 she said suddenly.
Tucker gave himself a mental smackdown and cleared his
throat as he desperately tried to get his shit together. He wanted
to kiss herhe wanted to kiss her badlybut should they go
there?
Abby.
Now, Tucker. Her hands reached up slowly and he felt the
cool touch of her fingers along each side of his face. I want you
to kiss me now.
Her breath was like a whisper on his skin, and he closed his
eyes as she gently tugged his face toward hers.
I dont think this is a good idea,
 he said hoarsely, his
control thin, his arms snaking around her waist as he brought
her flush to his body. God, she felt as good as she looked.
I didnt ask you what you thought, Tucker. Her hands sank
into his hair and her mouth slid across his, a gentle swipe that
was merely a tease. I just want my prize.
There was one second when he could have pushed her away.
One second when he could have saved them both from heading
down a path that would change everything.
But that second passed when she made a sexy sound in the
back of her throat, and he opened his mouth over hers in a
demanding, hungry kiss. He tasted wine and strawberries and
Abby as his tongue delved inside her mouth seeking more.
Her lips were soft, pliant and he eased a bit, his mouth gentle
as he tugged on her bottom lip before stroking her inside, with
his tongue. He was slow. Thorough. Methodic. He wanted to take
his timemake it countbecause there would only be one first
kiss.
He cupped the back of her head, his body hot and urgent as
her tongue slid inside his mouth and when she moaned, he
thought he was gonna lose it. Their kiss turned hotter. Harder.
And Tucker couldnt remember the last time hed been so
desperate to get close to someone. To taste someone. To be
inside someone.
He inhaled her sweet scent as he kissed his way along her jaw
and when his hot, wet mouth slid under her earlobe, she sagged
against him. Her hands slid across his shoulders and her hips
moved provocatively, pushing into his groin.
Tucker was hard. Good lord, he had the mother of all
erections going on right now and he knew that she could feel it.
He should stop them. He really should. But then she whispered
or moaned, oh God, and he lost all hope of stopping.
There was no way. He couldnt get enough.
Holy hell but you feel amazing,
 he said roughly, his mouth
seeking hers again.
His hands slid down all that exposed skin at her back, all the
way down to the slender dip at the base of her spine. His large
hands slid lower and cupped her, pulling Abby even closer
against him, before his fingers dipped below the material.
Her mouth was open, her tongue bold and curious as she
kissed him back, every stroke making him harder. His fingers
worked their way lower and
What the
He came up for air and rested his forehead against hers.
Youre not wearing anything under this dress.
Abby shook her head and she might have whispered, no, or
she might have made that sexy little noise again. Tucker had no
clue. All he could think about was the fact that Abby Mathews
wasnt wearing underwear.
As in, she was commando.
His cock twitched.
Damn, but he was in trouble.
Hey, now. What are you guys up to? Rick Simon called out
from the patio behind them.
Tucker had his back to his cousin and he knew that the
lighting was too dim for Rick to see them properly.
He glanced down at Abbys swollen mouth and slowly let his
hands drop. He cleared his throat and ran his hands through his
hair, his eyes never leaving Abby. Shit. What to say?
Abby,
 he said roughly.
She shook her head, took a moment and cleared her throat.
Im just getting ready to head to the room, Rick. Abby
answered, taking a step back from Tucker. Can you give us a
minute?
How the hell could she sound so in control when her chest
still heaved and her hair was all over the place?
Sure,
 Rick answered. Ill just drink this here cocktail that
you wont be needing. Actually. Ill just maybe take it inside.
Tucker ignored his cousin, flush with satisfaction because the
woman in front of him looked as if shed been thoroughly kissed.
A few seconds passed as the two of them regarded each other
in silence. Tucker had no idea what was going on inside Abbys
head, but he sure as hell was glad she couldnt see what was
going on inside his. Because it was all about naked bodieshis
and Abbys.
You might want to wait a bit before you head up to our room,
Mr. Simon,
 she said softly.
Tucker glanced down at his straining erection, and then back
up at her.
You might want to wear underwear tomorrow, Miss
Mathews.
She looked surprised for about a second and then laughed, a
beautiful, musical sound that made his chest tight. Had she
always sounded like that? As if she had the ability to lighten
everything with the sound of her laughter?
Slowly, Abby stepped away from him, that generous mouth
still curved into a smile. Youll just have to kiss me again to find
out.
Should Tucker be surprised by her bold statement? By the kiss
theyd just shared that had pretty much rocked more than
anything in recent memory?
Maybe he should have been. Maybe he should have been
ashamed of himself for taking something that he had no right to
take. Instead, he shoved his hands into the front pockets of his
slacks and watched her disappear into the shadows surrounding
the hotel.
He turned back toward the ocean, but this time as he gazed
over the waves and watched them crash onto the beach, he
didnt feel the melancholy or the darkness that he usually did.
He felt something else. Something light and airy. Maybe even a
little bit happy.
It took him a moment, but then he realized that what he was
feeling was hope.
T
10
he bride was beautiful and the groom handsome as the late
afternoon sun touched the guests gathered for cocktails just
inside the old antebellum mansion. The wedding had taken place
a few hours earlier, photos had been taken, and now it was time
to celebrate.
The bridesmaids dresses were sheer perfectionold rose in a
classic and simple strapless design that flattered the four women
who wore themand the flowers were gorgeous, white and pink
peonies. The groomsmen were rakish in coattails, the guests
distinguished, with a healthy balance between celebrities,
politicians and people like Abbyplain old folk.
Music played softly while waiters worked the room, laden
with trays of succulent scallops, mouth-watering mushrooms or
crab and avocado canaps, and jumbo shrimp cocktails. There
was a slight breeze that was perfect, just enough to cool Abbys
hot skin and that was a welcome relief.
God, it felt as if her cheeks had been burning since shed
woken up this morning to sunshine, the smell of fresh coffee
and the memory of a kiss that had rocked her to the core.
Tucker had already been up, showered and ready to head out
when shed stumbled out of bed. For a moment, the two of them
had stared at each other and she knew exactly what he was
thinking.
Wasnt hard. The slow, sensual smile that crept over his face
had left her knees weak and her stomach in knots. Last night
had been a game changer, but in the bright light of the morning
after, she wasnt sure if she was ready for anything to change. Or
rather, Abby wasnt so sure she would survive it.
God, how had she gotten herself in this mess? Jesus. She
knew better than to drink wine. It always loosened her tongue
and opened up that box full of inhibitions she kept hidden away.
A moment had passed. Then another.
And then shed mumbled something unintelligible before
hightailing it to the bathroom like a scared kid.
Crap,
 she muttered, touching her flushed face as she
ducked behind a large palm tree near the large foyer. Leaning
against the cool wall, she closed her eyes in an effort to calm her
nerves.
Youll just have to kiss me again to find out.
I cant believe I said that,
 she groaned, biting her lip.
What would, that, be?
Her eyes shot open and her vision filled with six foot two
inches of blond male beauty. Cooper Simon smiled, head cocked
to the side as he loosened his tie and undid his top button.
Sweet Jesus, the guy was easy on the eyes and did he ever
know it. Hed flirted with her outrageously the night before and
though Abby genuinely liked himit was hard not tooshe
wasnt in the mood to play his game right now.
Its nothing,
 she said straightening her dressa dress that
Betty Jo Barker had nothing to do with, so her breasts werent
falling out the top, and the naked factor was minimal.
The high-neck top was a deep green satin that left her arms
bare, while the soft fabric that fell from an empire waist stopped
just above her knee. With her dark hair, the color choice was
flattering, but, more importantly, everything was covered up.
Even more important was the fact that she was wearing
underwear. Hell, she would have pulled on a pair of grannypants
if she had any with her.
Cooper took a sip from his tumbler, amber liquid glittering as
sunlight hit the glass.
Nothing,
 he repeated, his voice like water over silk.
She shrugged, but didnt respond. She was still navigating her
way through the Simon family and, contrary to what Tucker had
told her, she thought that his cousin Cooper was a whole lot
more complicated than hed indicated. There were layers to this
guy, layers that she wasnt sure his family knew about.
So whats the story with you and Tucker anyway? Cooper
asked.
There is no story. Were friends.
Friends who kiss.
I dont believe you.
I dont care.
Cooper laughed and raised his glass. I see why he likes you.
A waiter passed by and Cooper grabbed a crystal flute. He
handed it to Abby without asking if she wanted a drink. For a
moment, there was that voice in the back of her head, the one
that said, pace yourself, girl. Youre beer and wings not
champagne and pastries.
At her raised eyebrow, he grinned. You look like you need
it.
You dont know me well enough to know what I need.
I know more than you think,
 he replied. Trust me, you
need a drink.
What is it with you? She grumbled and eyed Cooper closely.
You tell me. Cooper leaned closer.
Abby took a sip of champagne and rolled her shoulders
slightly. She considered Cooper for a few moments, her irritation
growing at about the same rate as his smile.
You do know that my family owns a bar in New York City,
right? she asked.
Yep. His smile widened even more. Yes indeed, I believe
that came up last night when you instructed the bartender on
how to make the perfect martini.
Her cheeks heated. God. Shed been a little full of herself.
Well there is a wrong way and there is the Mathews way. Ill
give you two guesses as to which one is better.
Cooper held his glass aloft in mock salute. I believe you.
Abby took another sip from her glass, relaxing a bit. The
thing is Cooper, working in a bar, being around people all the
time, it gives a girl a certain perspective.
Im all ears,
 he said softly.
I know people. I know how to read them. I know when
theyre hiding something, and I know when theyre trying to be
someone that theyre not.
His eyes narrowed a bit, but the smile never left his face.
You my friend,
 she said lightly,
are not what you seem.
Really?
Really she repeated.
And what exactly am I?
Abby took another gulp of champagne, liking the diversion.
Youre a callous man-whore who only sleeps with women
who are technically unavailable. Women who are married or
attached.
Is that what Tucker told you?
He might have mentioned it. He might have warned me
about you.
Maybe you should listen to him. Cooper was no longer
smiling.
Why would I? Abby asked. Hes got you all wrong.
Cooper stared at her for so long that Abby shifted her feet,
uncomfortable and wondering if shed gone too far. After all,
shed only met Cooper the day before.
And what is it that you think hes got wrong? Cooper asked.
Abby considered shutting the conversation down right then
and there, but Cooper had started it. And since she preferred to
focus on something other than her sorry situation, she decided
to let it all out.
Honestly, Tuckers got a lot right. You are a callous manwhore
who only sleeps with married women, or women who are
technically not available.
So whats he got wrong? Cooper asked casually, but she saw
how his fingers gripped the tumbler so tight that his knuckles
were white.
Its not the whatits the why, and Tucker doesnt know it.
And you do,
 Cooper said, his voice a little stronger as he
squared his shoulders and stared down at her.
Something flashed in the depths of his eyes, and Abby zeroed
in on it like a bear after honey.
Someone hurt you. Badly, Id say. She shrugged. And
because of that, youve closed yourself off from the possibility of
ever having a healthy relationship again. You dont want to get
close to anyone, let alone a woman. So you sleep with the ones
who can never belong to you. The ones that are already taken.
You sleep with them because you think that keeps you safe.
He didnt say anything so she continued.
Ill bet youve slept with several friends girlfriends and
when they get too clingy, you pull out the hes my buddy, this
will never work,
 card and move on to the next.
She thought of a comment flung toward Cooper from his
brother Rick, one that was off the cuff and not meant for her
ears.
I bet youve even slept with one of your brothers
girlfriends.
Two actually,
 Cooper answered without missing a beat.
Wow. Abby shouldnt have been shocked but she was.
And I bet you told yourself you were doing your brother a
favor when you did it. Maybe you thought that if they were
willing to sleep with you, then Rick was better off without
them.
No. Cooper shook his head slowly. I slept with them
because I wanted to.
I call bullshit. Just like everything else, you bullshit your way
through it all. You hide behind your pain because youre a
coward. Because youre afraid to put yourself out there. And
unfortunately, you end up hurting people that you care about
like your brother.
I think you missed your calling,
 he shot back. You should
be charging by the hour.
The sad thing is that youre hurting yourself the most.
Whoever that woman waswhatever she did to you, its not
right to use that as an excuse to be an asshole just because its
easier for you to live that way. Youre so much better than that.
And he was. Shed seen it last night. The way hed been so
sweet to his Aunt Virginia, taking her for a turn on the dance
floor, more than once. The way hed made his sister smile and
his mother giggle like a teenager. Cooper Simon could make
some woman ecstatically happy if he would just let himself fall
in love again.
For a moment there were no more words. They each sipped
their drinks and Cooper leaned along the wall beside her.
Youre good.
Im sorry,
 she answered simply.
But since were being so honest and all, I gotta say Abby,
youre no better than I am. Youre hiding, too.
Surprised, she pushed off from the wall. Excuse me?
His glass was empty, and he studied it, swishing around the
ice cubes so that they clinked against the side of the glass. He
leaned close to her, his mouth near her ear and she held her
breath as he whispered.
Youre in love with my cousin and too afraid to do anything
about it. Youre nothing but a big old chicken and if you dont
mind my saying, pretty damn hypocritical to lecture me when
youre carrying around that secret.
Abby blinked.
She cleared her throat.
Goosebumps spread across her skin and cold sweat gave her
the shivers as Cooper shoved away from her. So how close am
I?
She didnt answer him because she couldnt. So she said
nothing.
If I came into your bar, if I ordered the perfect martini from
you,
 He paused, a dark grin that didnt quite reach his eyes in
place. No, hold on. What if I had several perfect martinis? He
tipped his chin up. Enough so that I spilled my shit and told you
that I was in love with someone, but was too afraid of rejection to
do anything about it. What advice would you give me?
Im not paid to hand out advice,
 she managed to say.
Now whos full of shit? What advice would you give me,
Abby?
He wasnt going to let this go. She thought of Tucker. Of the
kiss theyd shared the night before and the promise that would
never bloom.
I would say that if you didnt at least try, you would never
know.
Never know what?
Abby licked her dry lips and exhaled. You would never know
if there was a chance for the two of you.
So maybe you should listen to your own advice. Maybe my
cousin needs a kick in the ass so that he stops living in the past.
How in hell had Cooper Simon managed to turn the entire
conversation around to Abby and Tucker?
He needs you, Abby, and he probably doesnt even know it
yet but,
 Cooper glanced behind them, a calculated look in his
eyes. Judging by the pissed off expression on his face right
now Coopers hand caressed her cheek. Im thinking hes
gonna realize that sooner or later.
S
11
omething was getting under Tuckers skin and like a slow burn
or itch, it wasnt going away. It didnt take a rocket scientist to
figure out that it would burrow deep and torture him for the rest
of the weekendbecause that something had an awful lot to do
with Abby Mathews.
Shit. He hadnt seen that one coming.
Tucker settled back in his chair, pushed aside his crumpled
napkin, not bothering to hide his scowl as he watched Abby and
Cooper chat near the chocolate fountain.
Hed been trying to get her alone all day, but every single time
hed approached her something or someone got in the way. Like
the damn wedding orhis scowl deepenedhis damn cousin.
Whats got you so pissed off?
Tucker didnt bother to glance up as Beau slid into the seat
beside him.
Or should I say who?
Dinner had been cleared away, the speeches were done and in
a few minutes, the music would start. The bride was posing for
pictures with some girlfriends, and the new groom was shaking
hands. Congratulations no doubt.
Tucker toyed with his half-full wine glass but didnt answer
his brother. Instead he shrugged, his eyes still on Abby.
So tell me again how you and this woman are just friends?
Tucker shot a dark look at Beau. Guess the jig was up there.
Because right now brother, you look jealous as hell.
Yeah? Tucker muttered.
Yeah,
 Beau replied. Looks to me like Coopers got a bulls
eye pinned to the back of his head with your name on it. So
maybe you need to figure out whats going on before things get
out of hand. Beau leaned forward. Because a family wedding
isnt exactly the time or place for the kind of shit that I know is
brewing in that head of yours.
A muscle worked its way across Tuckers cheek as he clamped
down hard. He wanted nothing more than to plant his fist into
Coopers nose. He was wound so tight his shoulders ached. Hell,
even his teeth hurt from clenching his jaw.
He knew hed get grief if he started something with his
cousin, but right now it was the only thing that would make him
feel better.
Fuck.
He needed to get Abby alone. He needed to tell her some
things. The fact that he wasnt exactly sure what those things
were didnt really matter. Hed figure it out.
His eyes narrowed as Cooper leaned in close and whispered
something into her ear. Again. Something that made her smile.
Something that had her looking up into his cousins eyes as if
Tucker was out of his chair so fast he nearly spilled his wine.
He didnt bother looking back at Beau as he strode through the
crowd. If hed have taken a moment, he might have realized he
was playing out the exact same scenario that had occurred the
night before.
The one that had led to a kiss. A kiss that had pretty much
kept him up for most of the night.
It was that kiss that he needed to talk about.
So he stayed focused and didnt look to the right, even though
he knew his mother was trying to get his attention. He ignored
his Aunt Virginia, which was a small miracle because the woman
was wearing a bright orange dress and waved her arms madly. He
ignored his brother Jacks girlfriend, and the knowing smile that
curved Betty Jos mouth.
Hell, he didnt even say a word to his baby sister, Grace, when
she managed to come up for air after making out with her new
boy-toyand that had been bugging him since hed first met
the guy.
Tucker ignored it all, because he was done.
Done thinking about that kiss. Done remembering what it felt
like to hold Abby in his arms and breathe her in. He was done
wondering, and he was done sulking in the corner like a
goddamn schoolboy.
Beau wanted to know what the hell was going on? Well so did
Tucker.
And it was about time he found out.
He reached Abby and Cooper just as the DJ called the bride
and groom up to the dance floor.
We need to talk,
 he said trying to keep his cool and doing a
crap job of it. He knew this because Abby took a step back, a wary
look in her eyes.
Tucker,
 Abby said haltingly. I dont think this is the place

I dont care what you think; we need to talk. Christ, he was
blowing this. He took a momentexhaledand tried for a bit of
calm. Please,
 he entreated. Can you just come with me?
Tucker doesnt say please very often, Abigail. This must be
important,
 Cooper said. He leaned into her and Tuckers fists
clenched when Cooper murmured. Save me a dance? His
cousin turned on his heel and disappeared into the crowd,
milling near the edge of the dance floor.
Beau was right. If Tuckers hands were filled with darts every
single one of them would be buried in the back of Coopers head.
Screw darts. Hed be using arrowssharp, deadly arrows.
Are you all right? Abby asked softly.
No. There was no hesitation. He was so far from all right at
the moment that he wouldnt know what all right looked like if it
kicked him in the ass.
She cleared her throat, her hands on the pulse at her neck,
and Tucker stared down into Abbys soft brown eyes, not
knowing what to saynot knowing how to be calm with the heat
surging through him.
Lets go,
 he said roughly, reaching for her hand.
He led her through the crowd, eyes searching for a place
where they could be alone. Where there could be some quiet so
he could think.
They were near the patio doors that led to the back garden
when Tucker caught sight of his Aunt Virginia, deftly making her
way toward them. No way did he have time for her. He turned
sharply, Abbys hand still in his, and took a right until he was
able to slip out the exit behind the head table.
Without pause, he took to the stairs, not stopping until hed
gone up another flight and then opened the first door on his left.
The last rays of sunlight fell in from the window and illuminated
what appeared to be a study or office.
Tucker, slow down.
Abby tugged her hand from his and stared up at him. There
were questions in her eyesprobably the same ones in hisand
damned if he was leaving this room until they were answered.
What the hell? Your family is going to think that you,
 she
blew an errant strand of hair off her face. Theyre going to
think werethat we
In that moment, he didnt give a flying fuck what his family
or anyone else thought. How could he?
All he saw were eyes that tugged at him. A mouth that
tortured him. And a heart-shaped face that made him crazy.
Im sure Beau and Cooper both know why I dragged you up
here,
 he said roughly.
The wariness returned, and she would have stepped away but
Tucker didnt let her. Instead his arm snaked around her waist
and he pulled her closer until she was pretty much pressed
against every inch of him.
The air was charged with that same hot and heavy something
from the night before, and he knew that she felt it too. It was in
the way her tongue darted out to rest against her bottom lip. The
way her breath caught. It was in the way his heart beat,
thrumming like a drum, his pulse racing ahead trying to keep up
with his thoughts.
And there was no mistaking the hardness between his legs for
anything other than what it was. Desire. Hot and heavy desire.
That kiss last night,
 he began hoarsely.
Silence.
What about it? she asked, voice more than a little rough.
His hand slid along her jaw until he cupped the back of her
head and kept her gaze locked onto his.
Why did you go there, Abby? Why did you kiss me like that?
Shadows crept into her eyes and for a moment, he thought
she was going to ignore all of it. Heck, in the past, it was what he
would have done. Just ignore it. Put it in a little box, tie it up and
forget all about it. It would have been the easy thing to do,
because God knows things were getting complicated, and they
were getting complicated fast.
But she surprised him. Abby always managed to surprise him.
I wanted to kiss you,
 she replied.
Why?
A pause.
What do you mean, why?
Christ, she wasnt going to make this easy. But had he
expected that?
Weve been friends for a while now, and I just God, he
couldnt get out what was inside of him. Well I justthat kiss
kind of blew me away. I thought about it all night.
There. It was out in the open and the ball was in her court.
She stared up at him for a few seconds, pulse alive at her
throat, eyes wide and expressive. She was thinking things.
Wondering things.
Ive wanted to kiss you for a long time, Tucker. You had to
have known that. Her eyes slid away, as if she was embarrassed
at her own candor, and something about the tremble in her
bottom lip tugged at him.
Okay. Maybe he shouldnt be surprised as shit, but holy hell.
Tucker was surprised as shit.
He slid one hand up her body until he cupped the back of her
head, his long fingers buried in her hair. Gently, he forced her
eyes back up to his andyepthere went his heart, racing like a
goddamn drum. Ba-boom, ba-boom, ba-boom.
What. The. Hell. When was the last time hed felt so alive?
When was the last time his body and mind were in sync when it
came to a woman? God, he wanted Abby, he wanted to be buried
deep inside her, but it was so much more than that.
This here, what he was feeling, was already so much more
than hed thought it could be, and he decided there and then
that he was going to explore the connection. As long as she was
willing.
Why did you wait so long? he murmured, eyes locked onto
hers intently.
For a few moments, there was silence and then she exhaled
slowly, shaking her head. I was afraid.
Of what?
I She shuddered against him, and he felt something
inside him crack.
I was afraid that you wouldnt feel the same.
He groaned, one hand on her hip holding her in place while
the other cupped the back of her neck. Are you crazy? Who the
hell wouldnt want a kiss from you?
She didnt answer and her eyes were lowered, so he couldnt
see what was in them. And if anything, Abbys eyes were a direct
path to what was going on inside her head.
He reached for her chin and tugged gently until she was
forced to look up at him. Hey,
 he said softly. He had a feeling
that he knew what was going on inside her. Because it was the
exact same thing that was going on inside him.
Is it because were friends?
Her eyes flashed and she straightened a bit, a little of her fire
back. So Im not just some bartender who you barely know?
He liked the fire. Hell, he wanted to taste the fire.
His mouth found its way to the corner of hers and he
whispered. No, Abigail Mathews. Youre a hell of a lot more
than just a bartender that I know.
And she was.
You are an amazing woman, and I think that you know me
better than maybe I know my own self. He thought of the
endless nights hed stayed late at The Black Dog, or the excuses
hed made to bring the endless parade of women around. He
realized it was because of Abby. It had always been because of
Abby.
Im not sure what this is or where were going and what it
could be, but I cant lie. He rested his forehead on hers. I want
you. I want you in my bed.
He was hot. On fire.
But I dont want to mess with our friendship because youre
important to me.
Her hand was slowly creeping up his body until her nails dug
into his shoulders. Then this is going to get complicated,
 she
murmured.
Yeah,
 he managed to say when her lips grazed the skin
beneath his earlobe.
Fear shot through him, and he moved so that he could see her
again. Abby, I dontI dont think he took a step back and
welcomed the cool air that ran across his skin. Tucker took a
moment, eyes never leaving Abby. I dont know that I can be
or Christ he wasnt making any kind of sense.
But Abby placed her fingers on his mouth. Why dont we
stop analyzing and over-thinking. She wrinkled her nose. We
always overthink you know? Its like the fail-safe for human
nature. I dont want to overthink anymore. Theres something
here, Tucker. Im not imagining it and neither are you, and
whatever this is could be amazing. Why dont we just see where
it goes?
She glanced down at the evidence of his arousal, and the soft
smile that lingered around her mouth was enough to drive him
over the edge.
I thought you werent going to sleep with me.
Her head whipped up. Excuse me?
Thats what you told your roommate.
Abby smoothed her hair into place and took another step back
until her hand was on the doorknob. Well, thats the thing
about women, Tucker. Its our prerogative to change our mind.
If he could have taken her right there and then, he would
have. Instead, Tucker reached down for the some sort of control
and shoved his hands into the front pockets of his dress pants.
He nailed her with a look that was unmistakable.
Good to know,
 he said dangerously, his hand sliding over
hers until he opened the door. Because were leaving this
reception early.
He pushed her out into the hall. Bent toward her and licked
up the side of her neck. And then Im going to take you back to
our room and were going to get naked.
He heard her breath catch and grinned.
Im going to kiss and lick every inch of your body, Miss
Mathews.
She started down the stairs, hand shaking as it clung to the
railing. Really, Mr. Simon? she murmured.
Really,
 he answered, heart beating slow and steady. Just
before Abby reached the door leading back into the reception, his
hand slid over hers, electricity zipping along his forearm. And
then youre going to have the best sex of your life.
She paused at that, and he could visualize the smile on her
face. Thats a pretty arrogant statement.
No, thats where youre wrong, darlin. He opened the
door, his hot gaze on her face as he waited for her to pass by.
Thats not a statement. Thats a promise.
A
12
bby stayed away from the champagne. She didnt have one
sip of wine. Didnt touch any of the beer, imported or otherwise.
And she sure as hell didnt touch any of the hard liquor.
And yet she felt as if every single cell in her body was buzzing.
It was as if her equilibrium was off, and like a drunk, she was
weaving through the sea of guests, trying to keep her feet
planted firmly so that her ass wouldnt end up on the cool, tiled
floor.
Because she sure as heck was drunk.
She was drunk and high on something and that something
had a name. Tucker Simon.
Thats not a statement, darling. Thats a promise.
A groan escaped her and she tried to smile at Aunt Victoria as
the older woman threaded her arm through Abbys and led her
into a dark corner.
Are you all right, dear? You look a bit peaked.
Abby didnt have to glance up to know that Tuckers dark gaze
was on her. Theyd been back at the reception for nearly two
hours, though almost as soon as theyd entered the large room,
hed been spirited away by his cousins. Hed taken the bride for a
spin around the room and then, of course, Aunt Virginia had
claimed him. After that, hed been surrounded by family and
more than few women who were a tad tooovert in their
advances.
And all the time, Tucker watched her.
Abby had taken a turn on the dance floor with Cooper and
then Beau. Shed done a slow waltz with an old Southerner
named Briscoe, a man who sported a waxed moustache that
would have made Custer proud, and wandering hands that well,
wandered.
Again, Tucker watched.
They were separated, physically, and yet she felt the weight of
his gaze, as if he was next to her. Kissing her. Touching her.
God,
 she said softly, pressing a hand to the damp skin
behind her neck.
Would you like some punch? Aunt Virginia asked.
No,
 Abby replied, cutting off the older woman. Alcohol
would only make things worse. Im sorry, I just need toI
want She looked into the older womans eyes and blew out a
hot breath. What to say?
I want to have hot, sweaty sex with your nephew, but I dont
know if I should because it might ruin everything? But Ive
wanted him forever it seems and nownow I dont know what to
do about it?
A slow smile crept over Virginias face, and she patted Abbys
hand. I understand, honey. Trust me. Those Simon boys are
hard to resist. Why my own husband damn near swept me off my
feet the night I met him. She cocked her head and smoothed
her hair back as her gaze wandered the room. A dreamy
expression settled in her eyes, and her voice was husky.
It was love at first sight, and I didnt stand a chance. He took
one look at me and decided he was going to have me and well,

she chuckled. Have me he did. Right there. That night.
Abby didnt know what to say to that, so she remained quiet.
So you and Tucker areinvolved then? Virginias eyes were
sharp as she swung her gaze back to Abby.
Iwell,
 she attempted a smile. She so didnt want to
discuss Tucker with his aunt. A quick look to her right, and she
saw his mother, Eden, headed their way. Two against one. Not
fair.
Suddenly it was all too much. It was too noisy. Too hot. There
were too many bodies everywheretoo many damn Simons. And
Christ, if Tucker kept looking at her the way he was right now,
she was going to explode. She just might melt into an orgasmic
puddle.
She needed...she needed something familiar and safe.
Something or rather someone who could steer her straight.
Ive got to make a phone call. Please excuse me.
Abby didnt wait for Aunt Virginia to answer. She spun on her
four inch pumps and slid through the crowd, ducking to her left
when she spied Cooper a few feet away. She wasnt in the mood
for him. Hell, she wasnt in the mood for any of this right now.
She threaded her way across the dance floor and headed for
the terrace, not stopping until the cool air hit her and the
shadows in the corners covered her. If she smoked, now would
be the time for a cigarette. Instead, she rifled through her small
clutch bag and whipped out her cell.
Moments later, it rang and her roommate Lisa picked up
immediately.
You slept with him.
Startled, Abby pressed the volume button, wincing as Lisas
voice echoed into the night. Turning slightly she whispered into
the phone.
No. Why the hell would you say that?
You didnt sleep with him?
You sound surprised.
I am.
Abby made a face.
So you didnt sleep with him,
 Lisa repeated.
Not yet.
Ha! I knew it.
No! I mean Abby leaned against one of the columns that
supported an overhang strewn with fresh cut flowers and rubbed
her forefinger against her temple.
She sighed. He wants toum, sleep with me and weve had a
great time here, and his family is amazing even his cousin
Cooper, and I kissed him the other night, and I swear to God I
had an orgasm from just that one kiss.
Her words came out in a breathless rush and for a second she
wavered, more than a bit dizzy.
Lisa?
Yeah, Im here.
I dont know what to do.
Silence greeted her, and she bit her lip, gazing out into the
darkness. There against the edge of night a couple clung to each
other. Kissing. Touching. Abby was pretty sure it was Tuckers
younger sister, Grace, and she may have been a pervert for
watching the two of them, but she couldnt drag her eyes away.
Had she ever been that passionate?
Her thoughts drifted to the kiss shed shared with Tucker, and
heat immediately flushed her cheeks. God, she wanted that. So
badly.
Abby?
Yeah.
Youre in love with him.
Yeah.
A pause.
Do you think that Abby could visualize her roommate
twirling a small tuft of blond hair and biting her lip as she
cuddled in the alcove that looked down onto the busy street
below. Do you think he feels the same way?
No. Abby shook her head. I mean She thought of the
touch of his fingers. The heat in his eyes and the way theyd
followed her relentlessly for the past few hours. She thought of
the laughs they had together and of the quiet moments over the
past year. The ones that had been filled truth and confession.
The ones that had been Tucker sharing his pain.
She thought of Cooper and what hed said to her.
Maybe theres something more than the fact that he wants
sex,
 she finally whispered. But how will I know unless
Unless you see where this goes,
 Lisa finished.
Yes.
Sweetie, the only thing I can tell you for sure is that no
broken heart ever happened from lack of trying.
Abby screwed up her nose. What the hell does that mean?
It means that he might break your heartbut it also means
that you might be the one to fix his.
Abby let that sink in.
The question is,
 Lisa continued. Do you want to take the
chance? Is Tucker Simon worth the pain he might bring into your
life?
Abbys eyes drifted toward the young couple still locked in a
passionate embrace.
Yes,
 she breathed into the phone.
Then go for it,
 Lisa said softly. And know that Im here,
whatever happens.
I love you, Lisa.
Of course you do.
Abby smiled.
And Abigail?
Huh?
I hope hes everything you deserve and
Yes? Abbys mouth curved into a smile.
I want details. I havent had sex in freaking ages with
anything other than my vibrator. I need something to look
forward to.
Okay. A figure appeared in the doorway. Tucker. I have to
go.
She slipped her cell back into her bag and took a deep breath
before walking toward him. She paused a few inches from
Tucker, taking in the unbuttoned dress shirt and tie that was
askew. Her gaze lingered on the thick mess of hair, then the
wide shoulders and casual stance.
But there was nothing casual about the look in his eyes when
they finally connected. A jolt of heat shot through her, settling
low in her bellyan ache that throbbed.
Hey,
 he said softly. Dangerously.
God, the man could put more meaning into one word than
anyone else she knew.
Hey, yourself.
An old Maroon 5 song was playing, the sounds drifting clearly
from the open patio doors. It was a slow song. A sensual song. A
song of heartbreak, need and seduction.
I want to dance with you,
 Tucker said.
He reached forward and enfolded her in his arms, moving her
back toward the shadows where they could still hear the music.
It was surreal. Moving with him there. Having him hold her
so close that she could feel every single breath that he took, and
hear every single heartbeat.
He was warm and her fingers traced the hard contours of his
chest, before she rested her cheek against him, closed her eyes,
and let him move them both. There were no words. There was
nothing but the music and their bodies. Nothing but the
electricity that held them together, the fragrant desire in the air,
and the need to get so close to him that it ached.
She will be loved.
The song encircled her. The lyrics haunted her. And the man
who held her had claimed her without even trying.
Abby wasnt sure how long they moved slowly out there in the
darkness, but when Tucker finally pulled away and she glanced
up at him, she knew he felt exactly the same. His breaths fell in
short, rough spurts and he ran his hands through his hair,
rolling his shouldersthough his eyes never left hers.
Her mouth went dry at the look on his face, and she had no
idea how she even remained standing.
Several long seconds passed, and then he reached for her,
tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear. His warm hand
lingered there, sending another lightening bolt straight down
her body. She was hot and colda bundle of nerves.
Lets get out of here,
 Tucker said.
Still afraid to speak because she was pretty damn sure her
vocal chords werent working, Abby managed a nod.
Tucker grabbed her hand and there was no turning back.
T
13
he gods must have been smiling on Tucker, because he
managed to get Abby out to the parking lot without running into
his mother, Aunt Virginia, Beau, Cooper, or Betty Jo, for that
matter. He wasnt sure what he would have done if hed run into
any of them, but he had a good idea it wouldnt be pretty.
He was that far gone.
Hed nodded to one of the waiting drivers, and he and Abby
had been on their way before anyone even knew they were
missing from the reception.
Now they were back in their hotel room.
Now he had her alone and Jesus, the things he wanted to do
to her. It took every ounce of self-control that he had not to
push her up against the wall and bury himself inside her. He
couldnt remember ever feeling this rabidlike he was an
animal losing control.
This overwhelming need to connect with Abby had snuck up
on him, but now that it had him basically by the balls, he needed
to keep his shit together. He had to proceed with caution. This
was Abby, for Christ sake. He couldnt fuck this up.
Tucker tore off his tie and tossed it onto the sofa in the
seating area. Drink? he asked casually, though inside a war
raged. If she licked her bottom lip one more time he was going to
go all caveman on her and carry her over to the bed. Orhe
glanced at the wall to his righthed have her naked in less than
five seconds.
No,
 she replied quickly. There went that bottom lip again.
Can I get you any
No. Abby shook her head, those brown eyes glistening in
the low light. Slowly she walked toward him, moving gracefully
like a cat until she stopped a few inches away.
Suddenly on alert, Tucker couldnt take his eyes off of her.
Something had just changed, and he wasnt even sure what it
was, but this Abby was fierce. Sexy as hell.
And not to be messed with.
I dont want a drink. I dont want to eat. I dont want to
make small talk or anything else for that matter. She took a
moment, and he broke out in a cold sweat.
I want you. It was a whisper, but man, it hit him hard and
he clenched his hands into fists.
God he wanted her so much that it hurt, but something
twisted inside him. Guilt? Fear? Hell, he didnt know what it was.
The only thing that he did know was that this girl meant a lot to
him. And it wasnt as if the women hed been with had meant
nothing. He wasnt that guythat guy who didnt give a shit. But
those women were never going to figure into his life
permanently, and theyd known that.
Sure they might have hoped, but hed been upfront. Hed
been honest. Hed given and taken and it had been returned in
kind.
But this herethis night that was going to happen, it meant a
lot more than just sex, and that was new territory for him. Abby
wasnt only a beautiful, smart, funny ladyshe was his friend.
He didnt want to hurt her, because there were boundaries
boundaries he couldnt cross.
Not yet. Maybe never.
Abby. He threaded his hand into that shiny, gorgeous hair
and bent close. He needed to make sure that she knew what the
score was. Are you sure that this is what you want? You and me?
Doing
Sex?
Was that a smile?
He was already hot. Already horny as hell. Already so close to
the edge and that small hint of a smile was gonna send him over.
Tucker,
 she breathed. I want this.
His control was slipping. Christ, was it slipping. But he
wouldnt be the guy he was if he didnt at least try once more to
make her see. If he didnt try to make Abby understand.
But, thiswhatever this is between usIve told you things,
Abby. Hell, you know more about whats going on in my head
these days than my brothers do. Im no good for someone like
you and I
Was he even making sense?
Youre the kind of woman who you deserve a lot and
Goddamn, but he was screwing this up. He released her and
stepped back not even sure what the hell he was trying to say.
Will you stop talking, Tucker? she said, reaching behind
her neck.
I just,
 he continued, running his fingers through his
already mussed up hair, though now his eyes were riveted to the
creamy skin on display as Abby slowly slid her dress down her
body, over her hips until it was a mess of fabric at her feet.
Youre not like the other women Ive been with. Shit, she
was standing in front of him in black panties and a matching
bra. And holy hell, was that a tattoo peeking out the top of her
skimpy undies?
His mouth was dry. He was pretty much done.
I know,
 she whispered taking a step toward him. She was
so close now that her subtle, clean, fresh scent wafted up his
nose and that set off a whole bunch of shit inside him.
Her hands were between her breastsbreasts that looked like
they were a little more than a handful. Breasts that were softlooking,
so goddamn feminine. They were fucking perfect.
She toyed with the clasp and he heard her breathing change.
Stop being a choirboy, Tucker. It doesnt suit you.
God, she was undoing her bra, and he was standing in front of
her like an idiot. Hell, he probably had drool running from his
mouth.
Tucker had maybe one second where he could have stepped
back and put the brakes on. One second to just make sure that he
wasnt getting in too deep with a woman hed only end up
hurting. A woman he cared about.
But then the bra was on the floor, and she whispered,
touch
me.
Just like that, any resolve in him melted away. Touch her?
Wicked thoughts filled his head. Wicked. Decadent. X-rated,
porn star thoughts.
Tucker leaned forward, breath hot as it slid across her skin.
He inhaled her scent, there beneath her ear, and smiled when he
felt her shudder.
Im going to do a lot more than touch you, Abby.
Was that a groan?
Im going to kiss. He swiped his mouth across her ear lobe.
And lick. Then slid his tongue down her neck.
That was definitely a groan.
And suck. She wavered on her feet and he clasped her
shoulders, holding her in place as he bent even lower and took
one of her nipples into his mouth. Gently he suckled, his cock
hardening even more when she moaned. He gave one more tug,
rolling his tongue across the tip before leaning back so he could
see her.
His breaths were ragged, and he was pretty damn sure that he
sounded rough.
Open your eyes.
Slowly her lashes lifted, and those amazing eyes stared up at
him from beneath heavy lids. Her chest rose and fell rapidly, and
it was all he could do to keep his hands from palming them. He
was hot, and it felt as if his skin didnt fit.
He let the moment stretch thin until he knew she was ready
to crack, and then he grabbed her chin so that there was no way
she could look away.
Im so close already, Abby. So damn close.
If she was shocked at his language, it didnt show. Her lids
were now half-closed and that delectable tongue rested against
her bottom lip.
Push your panties down your legs.
His hands were on his belt buckle and then his zipper.
She stared up at him not really sure what was going on.
Now Abby.
There was a tone in his voice that hit, and she slid her panties
down over her hips, stepping out of them as the moonlight from
outside washed over her pale skin.
Jesus. H. Christ.
Hot tattoo. There low on her hip.
Lots of smooth, toned skin.
Lots of smooth, toned, and bare skin.
His zipper was down and his aching cock free when he
reached for her. The wildness inside him must have shown,
because something flared in her gaze. Something primitive.
Primal.
Something that he needed and he needed it right now.
Im going to apologize,
 he said as he pushed her up against
the wall. One hand gripped her hair, the other on her hip. His
dick was there, already nestled against her hot, moist center.
Because this is going to be fast.
And then he was inside her.
She whimpered, or moaned. Hell he didnt know. He was
losing it.
He stared down into her eyes, as his hand gripped her hip and
with one more thrust he was buried inside her, as far as he could
go.
Tucker,
 she breathed, her head rolling back, slightly.
Im going to fuck you right now, Abby.
Thats so dirty.
I know.
And hot.
Just wait. He began to move, but there was no slow build up
no long, sensual strokes. There was skin on skin. Heat and
friction.
And Abigail Mathews.
Im going to work you hard and fast.
She caught his rhythm. She met him thrust for thrust. And
she made the most incredible noises. Sounds that heightened
the frenzy inside him. Sounds that brought out the inner
caveman in him. Shit, if he wasnt careful, hed hurt her.
He tugged at her mouth, increasing the speed of his thrusts.
He could already feel things tightening. He could already feel her
tightening and he knew that they were both close.
But this is just fucking, Abby,
 he whispered hoarsely.
Weve got the whole night to do it right.
Christ he was so close.
And I plan on making the next time last.
She banged her head against the wall, her hands suddenly in
his hair. This whole night has been foreplay, Tucker. Amazing,
hot foreplay. But with you, Ill take a marathon over a sprint any
day.
Then her mouth was on his and seconds later he lost it. There
against the wall, the two of them shattered together. He held her
body, felt her orgasm as she came. Breathed in the scent of their
sex.
And held her tenderly as they both slid to the floor.
S
14
o you and Tucker disappeared last night.
Abby glanced up as Betty Jo joined her at the table. It was late
Sunday morning and brunch was being served.
Abby shook her head and cleared her throat. She opened her
mouth to saysomethingbut the knowing look in Bettys eyes
pretty much said everything.
She blew out a hot breath and played with the napkin in front
of her, eyes lowered, mind racing.
Does everyone know?
Does everyone know what?
Abbys head shot up. Betty Jo wasnt going to make this easy,
but the smile on the womans face told Abby everything.
Shit,
 Abby muttered.
Betty Jo shrugged and took a sip of champagne. Not much
you could do to hide it. Grace saw the two of you sucking face
outside and then you were gone so
Abby glanced around the room until she found Tucker
chatting with his brother Beau by the buffet table. He held two
plates in his hands, though she wasnt sure she could eat.
Her heart accelerated. Her cheeks were probably the same
color as the strawberries next to the champagne, but she

couldnt tear her gaze away from his handsome profile, broad
shoulders and tall frame. Her eyes dropped to his long fingers as
they gripped the plate. Long, talented fingers.
God, the things hed done to her. The things shed done to
him.
The night before had been like a dream. A crazy, sexy, hot
dream. She was sore in places that still tingled. Sore in places
hed explored thoroughly with fingers and tongue. Over and
over.
Hed been right. After that first explosive encounter up
against the wall, hed picked her up and taken her to the bed
where he finally got naked. The next time had been a slow,
heady, sensual and thorough loving. Theyd rested. Laughed.
Talked about nothing and then made love again.
They didnt leave the bed until an hour ago and Tucker had
had her in the shower. Never in her life had Abby connected with
a man the way shed done with Tucker. It had been everything
shed fantasized about and so much more.
They hadnt even used a condom, though any concern about
pregnancy had been averted. Abby was on the pill.
Oh God,
 she whispered. Shed never lost control like that
and if she could, shed have him again. Right here. Right now.
Well, that is if Aunt Virginia wasnt staring at her with a look
in her eye that echoed what she saw in Bettys. And you know,
they werent in the middle of the hotel restaurant.
Tucker jerked his head suddenly, as if he knew she was
looking at him and she couldnt help herself. Abby smiled, a
slow, hesitant smile and when he returned it, she nearly melted
in her seat.
God, her panties were on fire. Just from one look.
Youre in love with him.
That got her attention. She dragged her gaze back to Betty Jo.
What?
Betty Jo shrugged but said no more and Abbys heart sank.
Am I that pathetic? That obvious?
No,
 Betty Jo replied. I guess Im just more in tune with
your emotions, because you look at Tucker the way I look at
Beau.
Abbys shoulders relaxed a little. And what way is that?
Betty Jo popped another strawberry into her mouth before she
turned to look at her boyfriend. The two brothers were once
more in conversation.
Sometimes you look at Tucker like you cant live without
him. Like the thought of living without him hurts. Betty
paused, her expression unreadable.
Like you need him to breathe,
 Abby replied without
thinking.
Betty nodded. Sometimes you look scared, and I get that. I
feel that way, too. Its all still so new and hot and consuming. So
overwhelming that I feel like Im losing myself. But its Beau, so
thats okay. I want to be lost with him.
Shit. What the hell am I going to do?
Betty Jo swung her gaze back to Abby. The only thing that
you can do.
Abbys eyes widened. Whats that exactly?
Love him. Be there for him.
As if it was that simple. Betty Jo had obviously missed the
memo. The one that said Tucker Simon wasnt looking for
something permanent with anyone.
Hes not ready for that. Hes still not over what happened to
his wife. I think that a part of him still thinks shes coming
back.
Maybe hes not ready. Betty shrugged. But he sure as hell
needs it. To be loved. To matter to someone. To allow himself to
be in the position of having someone matter to him again. The
question isare you willing to take the chance and give him your
heart? Are you willing to take a chance that he could love you
back the way that you love him?
Abby felt tears sting the corners of her eyes, and she blew out
another hot breath. Her chest was tight. It was so goddamn tight
that it was hard for her to breathe.
She wanted all of that. So much that it hurt to think of what
would happen to her if Tucker didnt find his way. If he kept on
hoping that a wife who had disappeared over the ocean three
years ago would return to him.
She thought of what her roommate Lisa had said the night
before. It means that he might break your heartbut it also
means that you might be the one to fix his.
I dont know if Iif Im strong enough. If I can She
shrugged helplessly.
Betty Jo leaned across the table and squeezed her hand. If
my best friend, Matt, was here, hed tell you to go for it. Hed tell
you that life isnt always fair and that a lot of shitty things
happen to good people. Things that hurt. Things that break.
Bettys brow furled, and she looked fierce. He would tell you
that, sure, you might go all in with Tucker, and he wont even
meet you half way. Hell break your heart. She paused and
seemed to be trying to get hold of her emotions. Matt would say
that being hurt is part of loving and that sometimes, even when
all thats left is hurteven then, it means that youve lived. And
living is better than just existing. I should know. I did that for
longer than I care to remember.
The tears that had threatened slowly fell from Abbys eyes.
She sniffled as Abby let go of her hand and then reached for the
napkin. After dabbing her eyes, she managed a half smile.
That is the saddest thing Ive ever heard.
Betty Jo nodded. I know. I find the truth usually is.
Youre friend Matt sounds as if hes got his shit together.
No. Betty looked sad. Not at all. Hes actually the most
screwed up person I know. But even he still has hope.
Abby thought about it for a moment. But what if Im not
strong enough? What if Tucker not loving me back is just too
much? What then?
Im sorry, sweetie. Thats something youre going to have to
figure out on your own, but if this helps, I can tell you with all
certainty that Tucker Simon has very strong feelings for you. I
think that hes already in love with you. He just doesnt know it
yet.
Shocked, Abby slumped in her seat, half dazed and way too
full of emotional stuff to do anything but stare at the bowl of
strawberries in front of her.
Good morning, Abby. You look a little pale. Are you all
right?
Abby took a moment, and when she thought there was at
least an illusion that she looked like a capable woman who had
her shit together, she smiled up at Eden Simon. Tuckers mother
returned the smile, a gentle look in her eyes as she reached over
and grabbed a strawberry.
Lovely brunch, dont you think?
Abby nodded, still not trusting her voice.
The reception was wonderful as well,
 Eden continued.
Betty snorted softly, but Abby managed to form a coherent
sentence. Yes, it was beautiful. The bride was so happy and the
music was She thought of the slow dance shed shared with
Tucker on the patio and tried like hell not to blush. The music
was really good.
Yes,
 Eden said, grabbing another strawberry. It was.
Though you and Tucker, well you left early, didnt you?
There was a teasing note in her voice, but it did nothing to
quiet the nerves going crazy inside of Abby.
Abby looked at Betty Jo helplessly, but the womans eyes were
fixed to the right.
Oh,
 Eden murmured as the woman followed Betty Jos gaze.
Abby glanced toward Tucker and his brother, and spied an
older couple. There were hellos and Tucker set down his plates.
He shook the mans hand, said a few words and then the woman
hugged him fiercely. Beau glanced their way, and Abby could tell
by the look on his face that something was up.
Tuckers father walked over to his sons and more greetings
went round. A few seconds later, the entire group made their
way back to the table.
Abby shot another look at Betty Jo but she shrugged slightly
as if she had no idea who the couple was.
Eden smiled warmly. Kate. Jason. We didnt know you were
at the hotel. We would have Her eyes moved over Abby and
then backit was a quick glance really, nondescript, and yet it
made Abby uncomfortable. Something was happening, but she
had no idea what it was.
We would have loved to have seen you. Dinner or
something,
 Eden continued.
We had no idea you were here, either. Im in town for a
medical convention,
 the man said. But we ran into your
daughter, Grace, in the lobby just now. So we had to say hello.
Its beentoo long and unfortunately, were heading home.
Ah,
 Eden cleared her throat and Abby picked up on a
nervous thread, like an electric pulse that touched all of them.
Tucker still hadnt looked at Abby, though hed set a plate in
front of her, and she didnt have to look up at the woman to
know her eyes were settled on Abby. Theyd found her from
across the room and were stuck to Abby like glue.
She didnt seem unkind, just puzzled, as if trying to work
something out.
And whos this? The woman named Kate asked, her eyes
still on Abby.
There was an uncomfortable silence and then Tucker spoke in
a rush. This is my friend, Abby Mathews. We had a family
wedding and she was nice enough to brave my crazy family and
keep me company.
Abbys stomach tumbled, and she gripped the glass in front
of her as if it was a lifeline. Uncomfortable didnt come close to
describing the charged atmosphere, and Tucker was behaving as
if
As if last night hadnt happened.
Noah Simon looked as if he didnt know what to do or say, and
Tuckers face was hard. It was hard and closed off. Shed never
seen him like this.
Well that was certainly nice of you. Hello, Abby. I dont
think weve met before,
 the woman said pleasantly, though her
eyes were strangely blank. There was no menace there, but Abby
got the feeling that the woman wasnt a fan. Im Marleys
mother.
Abby felt as if her face was glass, and if she did or said the
wrong thing, it would shatter.
Were Tuckers in-laws.
T
15
he ride to the airport was quiet, and so was the flight itself. In
fact the entire trip home was made up of small talk that didnt
matter, and a whole bunch of silence to fill in the cracks.
Kate and Jason. He hadnt seen that coming. Tucker frowned
as he grabbed his bag and hitched it over his shoulder, and then
scooped up Abbys from the carousel. Hed called ahead, and
there was a cab waiting just outside.
Car should be here,
 he offered, not knowing how to fix the
strain between them.
Abby attempted a smile and nodded, turning toward the exit.
He felt like an absolute shit.
Abby. Dammit, he knew things were wrong. They were
wrong and sideways and totally fucked up. How had he gone
from having such an amazing night with Abby to this in less
than twelve hours?
He followed her outside and spotted their cab driver. It was
the guy whod dropped them off only a few days earlier.
Once their stuff was stowed, he slipped into the back seat.
Abby,
 he tried again. Can we talk about this?
Not now, Tucker. Please can we just. She sighed and
looked out the window so all he saw was her profile. Can we
justnot?
Tucker unclenched his hands and sat in silence, watching the
lights stream by as the cab sped through the early evening. Fall
had taken hold of New York City and it was brisk out. The wind
picked up and leaves flew chaotically in the air. Soon they would
be gone and winter would transform the colorful palette into
something stark and cold and beautiful.
Sunday traffic was light and the ride didnt seem to take
forever as could be the case in the city. Abby was out of the cab
almost before it pulled up in front of her building, and Tucker
jumped out. He wasnt leaving things like this.
He wasnt leaving. Period.
Tucker. What are you?
She watched as he grabbed his bag from the trunk and paid
the driver. Shaking her head, Abby took a step back. He knew
that hed hurt hernot intentionally, but hed hurt her
nonetheless. And he knew that she was confused by the way
hed reacted at brunch. At the way hed handled the entire
situation. Hell, he didnt know if he could explain, but he had to
at least try. This here, with her, meant something.
Abby Mathews wanted to retreat, but dammit, he wasnt
going to let her.
Were not done,
 he said, nodding to the driver.
The cabbie took off, the exhaust a plume of hot smoke in the
cold air. Abby turned toward him, and his gut rolled over. Were
those tears in her eyes?
I think this was a mistake.
Shit.
All of it,
 she continued. The wedding. Us. Last night. I
dont know what I was thinking.
He moved an inch or two so that he could touch her and was
grateful when she didnt turn from him. He slid his hand behind
her neck and felt the warmth. The weight of her hair traveled
across the back of his forearm, and he inhaled that subtle fresh
scent that was all Abby.
Youre wrong,
 he replied quietly.
How can you say that? she said, trying to jerk away from
him. This morning you acted as ifas if last night never
happened. As if I was nothing more than a plus one. And I dont
want to sound like a clich or anything, but Tucker, I am the
clich. Im the girl you took away for a weekend and screwed.
She made a weird noise and muttered. I knew this would
happen. What the hell is wrong with me?
He let her go and swore. He was frustrated. More than a little
pissed off. And confused as hell. Running his hand across the
back of his neck, he decided that the only way he was going to
make things right was to be as honest as he could. He had to at
least try and figure out how to put into words the stuff that was
inside him.
Im sorry, Abby. I didnt mean to make you feel that way. I
didnt know Kate and Jason were there. I had no idea, and seeing
themChrist, seeing them threw me for a loop. They werent
just my in-laws, Abigail. We were close, you know? They were
family. And after Marleyafter she disappeared
He closed his eyes, chest tight as images and emotions and
even smells from back then caught him hard. It had been such a
dark and chaotic time. The press had been in a frenzy. There
were so many unanswered question. So much hope and despair
and then.
For those first few weeks, Jason and Kate kept me sane. They
came to Florida and stayed with me while my parents handled
the press, the police, the search and rescueMarleys parents
kept me alive, and I probably did the same for them.
He exhaled, ran his hands over the stubble on his chin and
looked across the street. A rough-looking tabby slinked down
the sidewalk, tail twitching erratically, head swivelling back and
forth. Tucker followed its progress for a few moments.
Sometimes he felt like that cat. Always looking. Always
searching for something. At one time, it was all about Marley,
but nownow he wasnt exactly sure what he was looking for.
I havent seen them since last Thanksgiving. I didnt even
realize it had been that long until Kate mentioned it. I just kind
of fell away from them. Hell, hed fallen away from everybody.
The only constant in his life over the past year was standing
right in front of him. That had to mean something.
Things are weird enough without me throwing you in their
face. Do you get that, Abby? They still think Marley is coming
back. His voice faltered a bit. They think that shes out there.
Somewhere. Trying to get back to us.
Do you? The words were soft, and he barely heard them.
Do you think shes coming back?
Slowly, he turned back to her. For several long moments, the
two of them stared at each other without speaking.
No,
 he said finally, and Tucker couldnt lie. It hurt like hell
to say it. I dont think Marley is coming back, and I havent
thought that for a very long time.
Abby shivered from the cold, her dark eyes huge as she stared
up at him.
So what are we doing then? You and me? I dont want to be
just the clich, Tucker. I dont want to be that girl who doesnt
mean more than a scratch for an itch when it needs scratching.
She blew out a breath. Were more than that and even though
Im not sure what exactly we have, I sure as hell thought that I
was more than just aaa fuck.
Shit. How could he make her understand?
He reached for her again and was grateful that she let him
pull her in close. Wrapping his arms around her, Tucker closed
his eyes and just enjoyed the feel of her. The smell of her. The
fact that this woman was here with him, even if they were in the
middle of the sidewalk attracting more than their fair share of
attention.
Abby, you gotta know that youre so much more than that.
He rested his chin on top of her head. Youre my best friend.
He said the words and was more than a little startled at the
punch of emotion that hit him in the gut. And also the everexpanding
ball of confusion. He needed to be brutally honest
with the both of them.
Gently he pulled away, only a few inches, but he needed to see
her, and she needed to know the absolute truth.
We decided the other night to see where this goes, but the
other night we were both buzzing with a hell of a lot of sexual
need. And I think we both know that sex can screw things up. It
clouds judgment and sometimes makes things that are small
seem so much more than they really are.
He waited a few seconds, trying to gather his scattered
thoughts.
But last night wasnt small. Last night was incredible, and I
cant lie. I want you again. Christ, I want you right now, but
But,
 she whispered, leaning into his palm, those big eyes
staring up at him as if she could see into his soul.
You said you wanted to see where this leads. That you were
willing to take it day by day. Abby I want that. I do. But you gotta
understand that when Marley left, she took a piece of me with
her. I dont think Ill ever get it back. Theres a part of me thats
just notright. You have to know its not you. Its me. Im the
one whos screwed up, and I dont want you to
He looked at her helplessly. Was he even making sense?
You dont want me to fall in love with you.
A car honked. Someone yelled at them to get a room. They
ignored all of it.
Im afraid if we keep on doing whatever the hell it is that
were doing, youre going to get hurt.  There it was. It was all he
had. I dont want to hurt you.
The way Tucker saw it, he would never love another woman. It
was something that he wouldnt allow. Hed barely survived
Marley, and he was damn sure that he wouldnt survive another
dance with that devil. Love wasnt in the cards for him, and hed
come to terms with that.
But he was sick of drifting. Sick of searching.
He was sick of being that damn tabby cat. So where exactly
did that leave him? Did he end things before they began with
Abby? Did he go back to the nameless, faceless sex that didnt
matter? Did he go back to the Sonya Devonishes of the world? Or
did he walk the road alone?
He exhaled roughly. You know what? Maybe this isnt such a
good idea.
Okay,
 she said softly.
What was that? His thoughts scattered as he focused on
Abby.
I promise that I wont fall in love with you.
A pause. This was unfamiliar territory, and he wasnt exactly
sure how to proceed.
Abby,
 he said, more than a little hesitant. Should he be
happy to hear those words? Because it wasnt happy coursing
through him. He wasnt exactly sure what it was.
Look, Tucker. I like you. You like me. Were friends. More
importantly, were really, really good friends. Right?
He nodded.
Really good friends who just happened to share a mindblowing
night together.
That got a smile out of him. Mind-blowing?
Abby tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. She didnt return
his smile, though her eyes darkened. It was the best sex Ive
ever had.
It was pretty damn hot. Hell, hed rate it right up there
himself.
I want more of that mind-blowing sex.
Wow. He wasnt used to this frank side of Abby Mathews.
The mind-blowing sex is good.
And you dont need to worry about me getting all territorial.
I just got out of a relationship.
Tucker wouldnt exactly call what shed had with the dumbass
musician a relationship, but he wasnt going to argue with
her.
I just dont want to be treated as if I dont matter, Tucker.
Friends dont do that to friends.
So what are you saying?
Im saying that I still want to take this day by day, but only if
we have some guidelines to follow, because I think we can both
agree that our friendship means a lot and I dont want to
jeopardize it.
Agreed.
I have a few rules. There was the lightness that had been
missing in her voice.
You do,
 he replied, letting that lightness wash over him.
Yep.
Okay, he thought, things were going to be okay. Relieved, he
smiled.
Lets hear em, Miss Mathews.
Even though this is pretty much a friends-with-benefits
thing, I dont ever want to hear you say those words.
He arched an eyebrow. Friends with
Ah. Her finger was on his mouth. Never. Again.
Got it.
She pressed into him, her arms snaking up behind his neck.
And its exclusive. No more yoga instructors or Sonya
Devonishes or those freaking groupies that chase after your
sports guys. If were going to be hanging out, then its just us.
Check.
And well have to come up with something to explain all of
this to my brothers. Especially Mick. I have a feeling hes going
to have a problem with our new...relationship. I dont want to
hide, but he cant know the truth because hell never let me hear
the end of it.
Okay, Mick, might be a problem, but Tucker was confident he
could handle him. Maybe.
Which brings me to the most important thing. I dont want
to hide or sneak around. Thats just not my thing. If you walk
into The Black Dog and I want to kiss you, then Im going to kiss
you.
Got it. Exclusive. No sneaking around and public kissing
allowed. He flashed a smile. This could really work. Hed finally
have someone he cared about in his life, and his baggage wasnt
an issue. His inability to commit to anything serious wasnt
going to bite him in the ass.
Are you sure about this? He had to ask one last time, just to
be sure.
Yes, Mr. Simon. Im sure. She took a step back. Our
arrangement suits me as long as
As long as?
She bit her bottom lip in that way that would drive any man
crazy. Lord, the woman had an amazing mouth.
Our friendship means a lot to both of us so if either one of us
thinks it wont survive whatever this is that were doing, we
need to call it quits. Friendship above all else, all right?
Deal,
 he murmured.
Abby jerked her head toward the walkup. Now are you
coming up or what?
Startled, Tucker glanced toward her building. He just assumed
hed be at his own apartment tonight. Alone.
My roommate Lisa is upstate visiting her parents and wont
be home until tomorrow night. She shrugged. I have the place
to myself.
She didnt have to ask twice. Tucker grabbed her hand, and
the two of them took the stairs as if they were racing to a fire.
One more thing,
 Abby said after they entered the building.
Whats that? He was distracted. Already picturing her
naked. Above him. In front of him. Underneath him.
Marathon or sprint?
Holy. Hell. An image of her flashed in his brain. Abby up
against the wall, hair all over the place, warm and wet and so
fucking hot that it hurt.
They were at her door.
Both,
 he growled.
Abby unlocked it and then they were inside her loft. She
shrugged out of her jacket and reached for the bottom of her Tshirt.
It was on the floor before he had time to toss his leather
coat.
Good answer.
T
16
he sun was just peeking through her bedroom window when
Abby woke up. She stretched and took a moment as things
slowly came into focus. Like the jeans on the floor beside the
bed. Her bra tossed onto the chair in the corner.
Tuckers boot near the bathroom door.
She frowned. Where the hell was the other one? And smiled.
Oh. Yes.
And then kept smiling as she turned onto her side so that she
could have a look at the man she never dreamed would be in her
bed.
Tucker Simon was sprawled on his back, arms spread above
his head, covers tangled and bunched up low on his torso. With
his thick hair low across his forehead, dark stubble on his jaw
and long lashes a girl would kill forhe looked hot and adorable
and so damn sexy.
He was all kinds of masculine with his defined abs, broad
shoulders, and square jaw. But the generous mouth and well,
those long lashes softened him.
Carefully, she inched forward until she was snuggled against
Tucker, her finger absently moving across his chest. She heard
his slow and steady heartbeat, watched his chest rise and fall and
she couldnt help but think that it was the most wonderful sound
in the world.
Memories of the night before washed over her and she bit her
lip, cheeks burning. Shed been insatiable and hed been, well,
incredible, and even that didnt come close to describing the
night.
Shit,
 she whispered, raising her head so that she could see
him again. What have I gotten myself into?
Would she survive Tucker Simon? Did a question like that
even matter at this point? She was already all in and, well, there
was no turning back now.
She spotted a freckle near his eyebrow and frowned, moving a
little bit closer. Hmm. Shed never noticed it before.
Hey,
 he murmured suddenly, and she froze. Before she
could blink, Tuckers arm snaked around her, and then she was
on top of him, staring down into a wicked smile.
Hey yourself,
 she murmured, finger moving to the freckle
shed spied.
God, you feel good first thing in the morning. His voice was
rough, still full of sleep.
Flattery will get you everywhere, my friend.
He grinned and Abbys heart turned over.
What time is it? Tucker asked.
Early. Not even seven yet. She frowned. You probably
have to head to the office?
Tuckers hands were on the move. Yep. Got a meeting with a
few high-profile sponsors interested in Kendrick. What do you
have planned?
It was weird. Small talk. Normal talk. Pillow talk.
Nothing exciting. Laundry.
Laundry, huh?
Yeah.
What do you do other than the bar? Tucker asked suddenly,
hands firmly attached to her butt. I dont think Ive ever asked
you that before. He looked puzzled. I know youre not at The
Black Dog full time. You went to college, right?
Yes, for three years and then I interned at a publishing
house downtown for six months.
Publishing. Impressive.
Not really,
 she answered, breath catching when his hands
began to massage in slow, sensual circles. I like eating, so when
my parents decided to scale back at the bar I picked up more
hours and between my salary and tips I do all right. In my spare
time, I
Damn, but he had magic in his fingers.
What? Tucker grinned. What does the lovely Miss
Mathews do in her spare time?
Sketch. She barely got the word out. There was too much
pleasure going on, and it was hard for her to think straight.
Sketching as in drawing things?
She nodded and waited for his reaction. Her ex had thought it
was a waste of time. In his mind, making a living as an illustrator
was pretty damn lean. As if being a musician was akin to winning
the lottery. What an idiot.
Interesting,
 Tucker said softly, eyes hooded. Do you
sketch nudes?
No,
 she replied, hands splayed across his chest. But I
could be persuaded.
Huh,
 he murmured, nuzzling her neck. Ill keep that in
mind.
She let him have his way with her, his mouth trailing a line of
fire along her jaw and up to her mouth. He kissed her so sweetly,
so thoroughly, that all those places that still ached from the last
few days sprang to life.
Im sorry,
 he said, voice still rough as he broke off the kiss.
Both of them were breathing heavy at this point and the covers
were now bunched at the bottom of her bed, leaving both of
them naked.
For what? she asked when she was able to form a coherent
thought.
Good god, but the man could kiss.
His hands splayed across her butt once more and heat pooled
between her legs, there where his erection pressed against her.
Im sorry that I didnt know that about you.
There was a serious look in his eyes, and Abby wasnt sure
what to make of it. Its just sketching. Its not a big deal.
For a few moments, Tucker watched her, though his hands
never stopped moving, and when he spoke, there was that hint
of rasp in his voice. The one that drove her crazy.
I know that your favorite color is orange.
Abbys eyebrow shot up. How would you know that?
The bag you always bring to the bar is orange, your watch is
orange, the laces in your running shoes are orange and you wear
those little orange studs in your ears.
Wow,
 Abby said softly, not really knowing what else to say.
Something inside her tightened. Something fluid and emotional.
Something that had no business rearing its head right now. She
pushed it back.
I know that even though youre a classic rock kind of girl,
you have a soft spot for country music.
Do not.
Do so,
 he shot back, hands now pushing him into her. Do
you want to know how many times Ive caught you lost in space
thinking about stufflike maybe sketching me in the nude
Tucker, I dont like country music.
Bullshit. Do you know what you do when youre thinking
ofhe edged his cock deeper between her legsHank?
Hank?
Tucker grinned and jerked his hips. Hank.
Oh,
 Abby giggled thinking back to that first embarrassing
morning at the hotel. Hank.
When youre concentrating or lost in thought, you hum that
Chicken Fry song. Every single time. Chicken. Fry.
I dont but her voice trailed off, because she did. That
doesnt mean I like country music. It just means that I like that
song.
Whatever, Mathews. Ill get you to cross over to the dark
side. Just wait and see.
So country music?
Yeah,
 he grinned. They dont call me cowboy for
nothing.
Ive never heard anyone call you cowboy.
No?
She shook her head. Nope.
We need to fix that.
Do you know what I think? she said softly, moving her hips
in such a way that Tucker growled like an animal, hands clasped
to her.
Abby pushed back so that she was straddling Tucker and
opened her legs slightly, loving that his eyes immediately went
there. She was hot and wet and right now, in this moment, she
was his. She wanted him to see all of her.
As her fingers trailed down her breasts, the ache inside her
started to throb something fierce. It spread out like tiny fingers
of exquisite pain, settling low in her belly and deep within the
folds of her sex.
Tucker inhaled sharply when she ground herself against his
erection. His eyes went flat and the pure, loaded look of lust on
his face when she rose slightlywhen she spread her legs even
morewas enough to get her off.
What are you thinking? he said, eyes still on all that soft,
open andbecause of that visit to the damn spatotally bare
flesh between her legs.
Her fingers were now on her nipples, tweaking them as she
began to rock into him. Im thinking that maybe youre right.
Tucker dragged his eyes back up to her. About what?
Slowly, she gyrated, loving how his big hands clutched her
hips as if he never wanted to let her go.
The country thing,
 she said softly.
Im not following. A sheen of sweat appeared across
Tuckers forehead, and the veins in his neck stood out. He rolled
his hips and grinned wickedly when she gasped.
Country music.
Teeth clenched, Tucker looked up at her as if she was losing
her mind. What about it?
Abby stretched her arms above her head raised herself a bit
more. You might be right about my taste in music. She licked
her bottom lip and grabbed his cock, smiling when he hissed.
But its not Chicken Fry that Im thinking about right now.
She guided the tip of his cock, fingers wrapped around the
base, not stopping until she felt him.
Its not. His words sounded strained and boy did Abby
know the feeling. She felt as if her body was coming apart and he
wasnt inside her yet.
No. She slowly sank down onto him and threw her head
back, hair falling down her shoulders.
Abby, you feel so good,
 Tucker murmured. So damn
good.
She began to move. Right now Im thinking of that cowboy
song.
Cowboy song.
Yeah,
 Abby stared down into Tuckers eyes as she rocked
into him. Slowly his hands moved from her hips until he cupped
the underside of her breasts. Licking her lips, she increased the
tempo. She was so close to the edge that she knew this wouldnt
last long. Already she could feel an orgasm buildingtightly
coiled and ready for release.
Bending over slightly, she kissed the corner of his mouth, and
cupped his face between her hands.
Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy,
 she whispered.
Im gong to save you, cowboy. The thought echoed in her
mind. It was there and then it was gone. There were no more
words. There was hot, slick skin. Passionate sounds of pleasure.
There were two bodies connected.
There was only Abby and Tucker.
And as they came together, chests heaving, hearts pounding,
legs entwined, Abby thought that maybe things couldnt be more
perfect. Sure there were things to work through. Things she
didnt want to think about right now. But when she was here
with him, connected on this levelfeeling his body and soul
melt into hers?
She thought that maybe, just maybe, she would be the one to
save Tucker Simon.
T
17
he meeting had run way too long as far as Tucker was
concerned. Christ, he had the deal in the bag for Kendrick, but
the marketing reps for the product theyd just signed on to
promote sure as hell liked to hear themselves talk.
It was Wednesday evening, and he hadnt seen Abby since
hed left her place Monday morning. That was two days too long.
Forty-eight hours filled with meetings and not much else. Hed
been at the office early and home late and well, he didnt want to
crowd Abby, so hed played it cool. He didnt want to seem too
eager, but man he needed to see her sweet face.
He was in the mood for a cold beer, the best wings in town,
and Abby Mathews. Actually, if she wasnt working, hed say to
hell with the beer and wings, and hed take Abby home and let
her do that cowboy riding thing again.
He grinned as he hit the pavement outside his office building.
Yippee-ki-ay. He hailed a cab, and nearly twenty minutes later
,stepped inside The Black Dog.
He spied Mick behind the bar, chatting up a little blond pixie
Abbys roommate?but the dark hair and brown eyes he
wanted to see werent there. The place was packed, the sound
system blasting some old Stones song, and as he sidled up to the
bar, he frowned. His stool was taken.
Shit.
Mick glanced up then and pointedly looked at his watch. He
shrugged and grabbed a mug from behind him. After filling it
with Tuckers usual Guinness, he said something to the little
blond and walked toward Tucker.
There was something in his eyes that rubbed Tucker the
wrong way, but he accepted the mug and took a long drink before
setting it back down on the bar. Mick was a big guylike
linebacker bigbut as far as Tucker was concerned, Mick could
glare at him all he liked. Tucker wasnt the type to be easily
intimidated.
Growing up a Simon didnt leave much room for that.
Youre late,
 Mick said.
Had a meeting.
Heard about Kendrick. Congrats.
Thanks. Hes the real deal. Dream client.
Thats what Abby says. Micks eyes narrowed as he stood
back and squared his shoulders.
Tucker shoved his hands into his front pockets. Where is
your sister?
Around. The answer was pointed. Closed off. And was
underlined with a healthy dose of pissed off.
Ah, Tucker thought. Its on.
Is there something you want to say to me, Mick?
All around them people moved, the crowd fluid as they
approached the bar for drinks or met friends at already crowded
tables. Tucker didnt give a shit. He would throw down right here
if he had to.
I got a lot that I want to say to you, pretty boy, but Im not so
sure that this is the time and place.
The woman sitting on the stool in front of Tucker twirled
around in her seat. She was an attractive brunette, dressed
professionallylawyer type if Tucker was to guess. Her blouse
was unbuttoned a little too low and the loopy look in her eyes
told Tucker shed been sitting in his spot for a couple hours. The
woman was half-lit and on the prowl.
With an appreciative smile on her face, she looked Tucker up
and down. Damn, you are pretty. Buy you a drink?
Tucker ignored her and clenched his hands together. He and
Mick got alongor they had when Tucker had obeyed the older
brothers command to stay the hell away from his sister. But
there was always something there, some kind mistrust that
Tucker didnt like. Mick Mathews didnt know Tucker, not really,
and he sure as hell had no right to stare him down as if hed done
something wrong.
But what if he had? A sliver of unease slid through him.
Just then Abby appeared from nowhere, her ponytail swinging
around her neck, her warm eyes shiny when she spied Tucker.
Shoving her brother out of the way, she leaned across the bar.
Where the hell have you been? Youre late, Mr. Simon.
The tension in him eased and he smiled. Sorry. Ive been
running late ever since I got back from Florida.
Abby glanced to her side. I see Micks already got your
beer?
Her brother plunked his hands onto the bar beside his sister.
None of them seemed to care that they were in the middle of a
bar. None of them seemed to care that the woman on the stool
was still very much interested in their conversation. As were the
two men on the other side.
The third bartender, Pete, however, shook his head and
moved to the other end of the bar.
What the hell is going on between the two of you? Mick
growled.
Jesus, Mick. Abby swore under her breath and shoved her
brother again. Will you stop being such an asshole?
I know about your trip to Florida,
 Mick replied.
How? But Abby didnt have a chance to finish.
Mick jerked his head, and they all turned to Lisa, who seemed
a bit flustered and more than a little embarrassed.
Whatever, Mick,
 Abby replied, grabbing a rag from
underneath the bar. Its none of your business. Its not like Ive
ever checked in with you before. What am I? Fifteen?
This was not the way Tucker wanted things to be with her
brother. He nodded to Mick. Why dont we have a chat?
Tucker knew the guy was only looking out for his sister. He
got that. But he also wasnt going to put up with the kind of
bullshit that Mick Mathews thought he could spread around.
A chat? Abby looked like she was going to explode. Her eyes
moved from Tucker back to her brother. Seriously?
Sounds good to me,
 Mick replied. Ill be back,
 he barked
to no one in particular, though the blonde woman raised her
glass in cheer.
Tucker,
 Abby said. What the hell?
Tucker undid his tie and slipped out of his suit jacket. He
handed them to Abby, though his fingers trailed across her
wrists, and he didnt let her go.
Youre lucky your brother gives a shit. And because he does,
I have to ease him into the fact that were seeing each other.
You guys are being ridiculous. You know that, right? She
shot a look toward Mick. I would have told him myself, except
this is my first shift since I got back from Florida. I mean, I knew
hed be a little over-protective. Especially with Mom and Dad in
Arizona for five months, but still...I dont know what the big deal
is. God, he never said anything about Tony.
Your ex.
She nodded.
Why would he? The guy was a knob.
Abby tried not to smile, but she took his stuff and carefully
folded Tuckers jacket. You and Mick are a lot alike, you know?
Tucker didnt answer but turned around and headed for the
back room where the dart board and two pool tables were
located. Mick was waiting for him with his arms folded, his tall
body leaning against one of the pool tables. He might look
relaxed, save for the intense eyes trained on Tuckerthey were
anything but. He looked like he wanted to use something as a
punching bag.
Namely Tuckers face.
What are you doing with my sister? The words were
controlled, hell, they even sounded conversational. But he
wasnt fooling anyone, and as soon as Mick uttered those words,
the two guys playing pool on the adjoining table decided it was a
good time to head to the bar and buy another round.
Tucker wasnt intimidated. He dealt with oversized,
testosterone laden men all the time. Hell, take away his suit and
tie and he was just as bad-ass as Mick Mathews.
Where the hell were Cooper, Teague, and Maverick when he
needed them? It had been a long time since hed gotten out of
hand. Maybe it was time to let some shit fly. From the looks of it,
Mick was itching for it.
Tucker smiled at the thought, but then pushed it aside. It
really wasnt the time or place. Besides, he wasnt a twentyyear-old
college kid anymore. He was a long ways from that.
Look, Mick. I get where youre coming from,
 Tucker
replied. I have a sister, too. But Abby isnt a kid and neither am
I.
You didnt answer my question. What exactly are you doing
with her?
Were friends.
Friends who go away together.
Okay, things were getting delicate, but Tucker didnt see any
other choice but to meet him head-on. Look. Abby and I have
been friends for a long time now and well, things have changed
between us. Were How could he put this? Hanging out.
Hanging out.
He nodded. Yep.
Micks eyes flashed, and he took a step closer. Shes not the
type to just hang out, and you, my friend, are going to hurt her.
Tucker rolled his shoulders and unclenched his hands. Im
not going to hurt her. Were both adults, Mick, and we know
what were doing. I get your concern, Ive got a sister too, but
shes also a twenty-six-year-old woman. And in case you
havent noticed, Abby can take care of herself.
Mick was silent for a few seconds. Shes different from the
women you bring here.
Yes she is. A lot different.
Mick opened his mouth but didnt get the chance to say
anything. Abby strode between the two of them, eyebrows
raised.
Okay, if you guys are done holding hands, I could use some
help out there. The Black Dog seems to have attracted several
New York Rangers and everyone is pretty much going crazy.
Rangers? Mick asked.
Yes,
 Abby replied, knocking Tucker with her hip. And
some guy named Dean is asking for you.
Ah,
 Tucker said. Theyve got the night off, and some of
the young pups were looking for a place to hang. I told them
where to find the best wings in town.
Thanks,
 Abby said softly, a slow smile spreading across her
face. Mick snorted, and Abbys eyes slid back to her brother. Ill
see you behind the bar, and well have our own little chat later.
Trust me.
Tucker watched Abby return to the main room, aware that
most of the male heads turned and followed her progress. And
why wouldnt they? The girl rocked a pair of jeans like nobodys
business.
He had to work to keep the grin off his face. Work to keep the
images of Abby out of his head, the ones where those fine jeans
were nowhere in sight. Giving his head a shake, he turned back
to Mick.
So are we good?
Mick scowled. I dont think youre any kind of good for my
sister. And I dont think shell come out of whatever the hell it is
you guys are doing without getting hurt. Guys like you think you
can have whatever you want.
Anger snapped Tucker up good. Wait a minute. What the hell
do you mean, guys like me?
Micks eyes were black. Youre Tucker-fucking-Simon.
Women are a dime a dozen to you. When have you not gotten
what youve wanted?
The day my wifes plane went missing and she didnt come
home.
Silence followed his words and Tucker shoved a hand through
his hair, pissed off, but not real sure what he was pissed off
about anymore. The fact that someone like Mick Mathews didnt
think he was good enough for his sister? Or the fact that Mick
Mathews just might be right.
Youre damaged goods, Simon. I know it. And so do you,

Mick said roughly. That little girl in there means a lot to her
family. She means a lot to me. And I know that even if your
intentions are good, even though she wants you in her life
youre no good for her, and youll hurt her.
A muscle worked its way along Tuckers jaw, but he remained
tightlipped.
When it happens, I will kick your ass.
Tuckers eyes narrowed as anger hit him in the gut. You
could try.
Mick left without another word, and it took a few moments
for Tucker to calm down. With a groan, he rubbed the stubble
along his jaw and turned back to the bar.
Again, he had to ask.
What the hell had he gotten himself into?
F
18
unny how a few hockey players could change the energy in the
bar. The Black Dog had gone from being boisterous and loud, to
being boisterous and really loud with a dose of frenetic energy
that touched everyone. Sure, theyd had their fair share of
celebrities in the place, but to most of the people in the bar
tonight, Dean Kendrick and the rest of his buddies were like
gods.
Abby shook her head as she grabbed another bottle of vodka
from the stock room, along with two bottles of red wine.
Smiling, she wove through the crowd, winking at Old Joe, a
Wednesday night regular who flirted outrageously. The guy was
on the wrong end of seventy, short, round, bald and widowed,
with no family close by. But he was the sweetest little old man
ever and he liked his extra spicy chicken wings almost as much
as he liked his Guinness. Abby had known him for yearsback
when he still had salt-and-pepper hairand hed always been,
Old Joe.
She handed the bottle of vodka to her brother without saying
a wordstill pissed at his attitudeand headed toward the far
end of the bar with the wine. Dean Kendrick was sitting next to
Tucker, and hed ordered a bottle of California red.
The star center for the Rangers was something else. His hair
was on the long side, his eyebrow was pierced and a tattoo
crawled up his neck. His eyes were pale blue and his killer smile
told Abby that he could give Old Joe a run for his money when it
came to the flirting thing.
He was also funny as hell, and, considering all the hype
surrounding him, surprisingly down to earth. She had the feeling
he acted like a player, but in reality he was just enjoying the
game, so to speak. The women. The attention. The notoriety.
She handed him a fresh glass of wine. Hed meet his match
one day. He just wasnt quite ready for it yet.
Thanks gorgeous,
 Dean said with a smile.
Ignoring him, Abby leaned her hip against the bar and looked
at Tucker. God, she wanted to bury her hands in all that thick
hair and kiss him silly.
So hows it goin Cowboy?
Tuckers nostrils flared. His eyes flattened and that beautiful
mouth of his curved into a smile.
Cowboy? Dean asked, sipping his wine and smiling as a
lady slid in beside him for a picture.
Tucker ignored him, didnt take his eyes off of Abby, and she
didnt have to look into the mirror to know that her cheeks were
red. Hell, every inch of her was hot and twitchywhich was
pretty damn inconvenient considering they were in the middle of
The Black Dog.
Dean finished signing the womans chest, posed for one more
picture before elbowing his agent. Cowboy?
Tucker took a sip of beer and shrugged, though that satisfied
smile was still on his face.
Tucker here likes horses,
 Abby said playfully.
No I dont.
No? She asked, sliding a beer bottle to the guy on the other
side of Tucker. He was one of Deans buddies and, at the
moment, was chatting up her roommate, Lisa.
Let me rephrase,
 Tucker replied. Not all horses are created
equal.
Who doesnt like horses? Dean asked, glancing back and
forth between them.
Abbys mouth was dry because the way Tucker was looking at
her right now, she knew that he was hot. She knew that he was
hot and bothered. She knew that he was wound upthat the
sexual tension theyd danced around the entire evening was
getting to be too much.
You do know that I grew up in Wyoming, right?
Tucker glanced at Dean. Really?
Yep. Ive ridden my share of horses.
Good to know. Tucker stood and splayed his hands on the
top of the bar. He leaned close, so that only Abby could hear him.
I just prefer to be ridden is all.
She tried to swallow. Or maybe she didnt. Who the hell
knew?
The only thing that Abby was sure about right now was that
she hadnt been alone with Tucker since Monday. And like a
virus that was inside her, infiltrating her cellsleeching into her
bonesshe needed him.
Are you almost done? He asked, moving back an inch, so
that she could breathe.
Abby glanced up at the clock behind the bar. It was nearly
eleven and the kitchen had just closed, but the crowd was still
busy.
Go,
 Lisa said hopping onto the bar, and swiveling her butt
around until she dropped beside Abby. Ill help Mick out. Its
the least I can do for spilling the beans and all. She scrunched
up her nose. Which Im so sorry about, it just kind of fell out of
my mouth.
Abby spied Mick chatting with Pete and Old Joe. If she was
going to sneak out now was her chance. Okay,
 she whispered.
Thanks Lisa.
She grabbed her jacket and purse from beneath the bar,
pulled a Lisa and hopped overtop until she was standing between
Tucker and Dean.
Shit,
 Dean said stepping back. Thats the fastest turn
around Ive seen since he poked the guy beside him Jake
here, stole the puck off Louinski and took it all the way back to
score.
What? Abby asked a little out of breath. Her brain was too
fuzzy to work things out. Kind of hard to do when all she was
thinking about was Tucker Simon.
Never mind,
 Dean chuckled. He shook Tuckers hand. I
like your girl. And then he moved out of the way so that they
could leave. Tucker shrugged into his suit jacket and grabbed her
hand.
Theyd just cleared the bar when he turned and slid his other
hand up to her jaw, holding her in place. Helplessly she stared up
into his eyes and opened her mouth to accept a bold, hot kiss
that had her toes curling and her stomach clenching in less than
five seconds.
Sweet Jesus, that had to be some kind of record.
Tucker tore his mouth away. Lets get out of here.
Okay,
 she managed to say.
My place? Tucker asked, waiting.
Abby nodded while Tucker hailed a cab. Less than twenty
minutes later, they were let out in front of a beautiful old
building on Central Park South. Overlooking the park, it was
prime real estate, but then, had she expected Tucker to live
anywhere else but in a place like this?
Mr. Simon.
Patrick. Tucker nodded to the doorman, and then grabbed
Abbys hand. They walked into the Essex House and Abby felt
more than a little out of place. An elderly couple was checking
into the hotel, the woman dressed to the nines. Abby could see
the glitter of diamonds on her neck from several feet away.
You live in a hotel? she whispered as they approached the
elevators.
Its a mix of owners and guests.
Wow. You must think my place is so she blushed.
Your place is great, Abby. Its just real estate.
The ride up was quiet and Abby had no idea what changed, but
suddenly she was nervous as hell. Tuckers cell pinged, and he
grabbed it with his right, while his left kept hers firmly in his
grasp.
Glancing downward, she fixated on her smaller hand in his.
At his long, tapered fingers, the masculine width and the
darkened skin.
The pale white line on his ring finger.
Abby exhaled. Her stomach jumped and her heart began to
beat faster. How had she never noticed that before? The stark
reminder of the absence of his wedding ring was somehow so
much worse than if he still wore the plain gold band shed seen
before.
When had he stopped wearing it? What did it mean? Did it
really matter?
The glaring emptiness on his finger was something she didnt
want to look at. It was a reminder of an unfinished past, and she
glanced up sharply, just as the elevator came to a halt and Tucker
shoved his cell back into his pocket.
My brother, Jack. Ill call him later.
The doors slid open, and Tucker took a step and paused.
Abby? Gently he tugged her forward and nodded to his left.
This is me.
Lights were on low, showcasing a home that was masculine
with bold blue walls, dark mahogany leather, and framed
artwork in reds, whites and blue. The apartment was open
concept and her eyes swept the entire area, resting on the
granite island in the kitchen.
It was understated luxury, made up of raw masculine
components. It was all Tucker.
He was watching her, and she bit her lip nervously. She knew
hed never lived here with his wifehed told her that much.
But stillshe thought of all the other women hed brought back
here. The models. The heiresses. The freaking yoga instructors.
And for the first time since shed started thiswhatever it was
with Tucker, she felt scared.
Hey,
 he said, voice rough. Is something wrong?
YES! I love you. I love you more than I should and Im scared
shitless here.
She shook her head and whispered. No.
Come here,
 he said, tossing his jacket onto the sofa behind
him. Several feet back, the floor to ceiling windows showed an
uncompromised view of Central Park. Stars and city lights
twinkled, haloing Tucker and making him seem almost, not real.
She dragged her eyes up to his. Watched the subtle flare in his
nostrils. The way his eyes went dark because he was aroused. He
wanted her. He wanted her right now.
But he didnt love her.
Is that enough for me?
Abby.
The tone in his voice grabbed her hard, and, mouth dry, she
walked toward him, not stopping until his arms were around her
and she rested her head against his chest.
For a long time, the two of them stood like that. Tucker
holding Abby and Abby listening to his heartbeat. It felt so damn
right to be here with him.
Are you okay?
She shook her head, still not sure she could speak without
sounding like an idiot. And shit, were those tears poking the
corner of her eyes? What the hell was wrong with her?
Tuckers hand slipped under her chin, and he forced her gaze
up to his. Ive never brought anyone back here. He paused, his
thumb stroking gently. I just wanted you to know that.
Something broke apart inside Abby. Something hard and hot
and heavy. She stood on her tiptoes, hands buried in that thick
hair that had been teasing her all night. She opened her mouth
and kissed him as if she was starving.
She kissed him as if she could somehow communicate her
need and want and
Her love.
She needed him to know what it was she didnt have the balls
to say. And how screwed up was that, considering she knew he
could never return her feelings?
With a groan, Tucker broke off their kiss. Unless you want
me to bend you over the sofa and have at it, I suggest we head
that way.
Flushed, Abby nodded, letting him take her hand and lead the
way to his bedroom. A low slung table near the fireplace caught
her attention and she stumbled as they passed it.
There were photographs, but one in particular caught her
attention.
Tucker. A much younger looking Tucker smiling down at a
woman as they sat on the edge of a boat. A cute, little blond
thing.
It was Marley. Of course it was Marley.
Coming? Tucker said gently.
For one second, Abby could have turned around and marched
her ass out of his apartment. She could have told him this wasnt
going to work. She could have told him that she had lied to him.
That she was in love with him and headed for heartbreak.
She could have done the whole self-preservation thing. That
would have been the smart thing to do.
But she didnt.
Abby followed Tucker into his bedroom. She let him undress
her. She let him pull her hair out of its tie and run his fingers
along her scalp. She let him kiss her. Touch her. Make love to
her.
And it felt so good to be with him. She reveled in the feel of
him. In the taste and energy in him. She fed from him and told
herself that things would be all right. That when the time came
for this to endwhen he finally realized her liethe pain would
be worth it.
She lied to herself.
Because she was that weak.
T
19
ucker Simon. I have a bone to pick with you.
Youve got to be kidding. Was he going crazy? Had he
forgotten shed be here?
Tucker glanced at his brother Jack, tossed back the last bit of
scotch in his tumbler and turned to face the ice queen behind
him. Sonya Devonish. Great.
The tall, platinum blonde had poured herself into a little black
number that didnt leave much to the imagination, and neither
did her glacial death stare. The woman was more than a little
pissed off and was going to cause a scene.
This should be good,
 Jack said, leaning against the bar, not
even bothering to hide the grin on his face.
The brothers were attending a benefit for endangered species.
Held in the Terrace Room at the Plaza Hotel, it was a yearly event
that brought together artists, musicians, and a lot of society
types with deep pockets. Proceeds went to the Simon
Foundation, which in turn used them to fund projects that
protected wildlife habitats, not only in Florida but all over the
United States.
Beau was in attendance with Bettythough they were off
somewhere with Shane Gallagher. The up and coming artist had

donated several pieces of artwork for the silent auction and was
in New York City with Bettys sister, Bobbi.
Tuckers parents had been unable to attend this year because
of a scheduling conflict, but that was probably a good thing
considering what was about to occur. Tuckers bullshit meter was
dialed to low and God knows his mother hated public scenes.
Tucker eyed Sonya. Was this going to be loud, or was she
going to use some sort of decorum?
I left messages. She paused dramatically, throwing her
hands into the air. Many, many, messages.
Shit. This was going to be epic, he could tell. And he didnt get
it. Not really. It wasnt like they were exclusive or had shared
anything other than a sexual relationshipif relationship was
even a word that applied to what theyd shared. And it wasnt
just Tuckers callSonya had been more than upfront about it as
well. She cared more about his pedigree and having a Simon on
her arm than she did him. Anything else didnt interest her.
Sonya, Ive been busy.
Dont give me that bullshit, Tucker. Her European accent
was more pronounced and her voice was a tad higher than
normal.
Yep. Epic.
Jack snorted and asked the bartender for another round. Good
call. Tucker was going to need it.
Sonya put her hands on her hips and thrust those large
breasts of hers out until he thought the damn things were going
to slip out of her dress and give the patrons something to talk
about other than art and money.
Youve been busy with a girl. Ive seen the pictures. Who the
hell is she?
Tucker groaned. Christ. Here we go.
The morning after Abby spent her first night at his place, the
paparazzi had caught her leaving The Essex House in the
morning. He was pretty damn sure Patrick had tipped them off.
The doorman had always rubbed him the wrong way. Always
seemed a little too nosy. Not that it mattered, he knew it was
going to happen sooner or later and sure enough, over the last
few weeks pictures of Tucker Simons mystery woman had
surfaced in a few of the rags as well as a couple society papers.
The good thing was that Abby hadnt been weirded out by it,
and theyd managed to avoid more pictures by being careful.
After the first photo had appeared, hed called Marleys parents
and while the conversation was awkwardtelling them that yes,
the woman theyd met in Florida was more than just a friend
he had to let them know. He owed them at least that much. It
had been a difficult conversation, and he still felt like a shit
about it.
So far no one had gotten a name, but Tucker knew theyd
been lucky, and he had a feeling their little bubble was about to
burst.
Im waiting for an answer,
 Sonya said, eyes flashing, chest
heaving and her expensive heels tapping the floor like a staccato
drum.
Tuckers jaw clenched and even though his stance was
relaxed, there was no mistaking that his anger was stirred.
Sonya, we both know youre only here because it kills you to
think that I find someone more interesting than you. Little
secret? Most every woman on the planet is more interesting than
you. And since Im pretty sure the feeling is mutual, why dont
we call it even and leave it at that. This isnt the time or place.
Anyone with half a brain would have taken the warning and
retreated. Tucker Simon was slow to anger, but when roused, his
temper was legendary. And the fact that the spoiled heiress
ignored the warning signs didnt bode well for her.
I will decide the time and place.
Tucker studied her for a few moments, eyes cold, mouth tight.
What the hell had he ever seen in her? There was no warmth. No
caring. No connection at all. The sex hadnt even been all that
great. Pretty pathetic, the more he thought about it, but he
supposed thats why their fling had worked. It was easy to do
when feelings werent involved.
But something had changed for him. Abby had happened.
Movement caught his eyea woman heading his way. A
woman with long, red-brown hair that flowed freely, just the
way he liked it. A woman with creamy shoulders. A woman who
took his breath away in a burnt orange dressthe perfect foil to
all the black that surrounded himand eyes that hit him like a
punch to the gut.
Speak of the devil.
Someone had called in sick, so Abby had worked past her shift
until her brother Josh could come in and cover. Up until now, he
wasnt even sure shed be able to make the benefit. Truthfully,
Tucker had been willing to blow the event off and spend the
night sitting at the bar with her, but at Abbys insistence hed
come on his own, and she told him shed do her best to make it.
Tuckers heart sped up. The wait was totally worth it.
Abby smiled at a waiter who offered her some champagne,
but shook her head politely, eyes moving over the room, looking
for him. He took a moment, just to enjoy the sight of her and
then frowned.
Dean Kendrick blocked his view as the star Ranger bent close
to talk to her. Tuckers eyes narrowed when Dean put his hand
on Abby and said something that made her laugh.
Youve got to be joking.
Sonyas harsh voice brought his eyes back to her, and he
hoped like hell she was done because he was already moving on.
He didnt have time for her crap.
Im not doing this,
 he said, voice clipped.
And then Sonya swore. She swore like a trucker and turned to
him, an ugly red flush creeping up her neck.
That is the woman youve been fucking? She sounded
incredulous.
Her voice was shrill and he winced at her crudeness. I know
her,
 Sonya continued. Shes the bartender from that dump
you insisted I go to. Oh my God, Tucker. Youre banging the
bartender?
Someone gasped, although Tucker wasnt sure who it was
because he saw red. Hell, he saw every damn color in the
spectrum.
He stepped toward Sonya, his voice low, barely able to hold
his shit together. And if they werent in the middle of the
Terrace Roomif it wasnt the Simon name on the billhe
wouldnt have cared. Hed have ripped Sonya Devonish into
pieces.
He was that angry.
He felt someones hand on his arm and shot a look to Jack
that had his brother holding his hands up and backing away.
Tucker looked at Sonya, his dislike and anger evident as he
slowly unclenched his hands. Youre going to leave this benefit
right now, even if it means I have to drag you out of here myself.
Got it?
Her flush deepened, but she didnt budge. Were you fucking
her when you were fucking me?
Thats it. He was done. Tucker had never come close to
wanting to slap a woman before, but this one, with her crude talk
and nasty insinuations had him considering it.
He took another step closer, but Jack was suddenly in his face.
Dont make a scene, Tucker. Ive got this.
Tucker looked at his brother and then back to Sonya. I
suggest you listen to Jack, because hell be a hell of a lot nicer
than I will. Tucker gave Jack a quick nod and turned on his heel,
pushing past a small crowd near the bar.
Kendrick still had his arm on Abby, and Tuckers mood went
from bad to worse. The guy was just a little too friendly for
Tuckers tastes. Hell, the week before theyd attended a Ranger
game and Dean had come up to the VIP lounge afterward
something he rarely didand Tucker had a sneaking suspicion it
was because he knew Abby was there.
Tucker hadnt mentioned it, but a man knew when someone
else was interested in what was his. And Dean Kendrick would be
all over Abby if she wasnt with Tucker.
When he reached them, his temper was in check.
Dean. Nice to see you made it out. The family appreciates
it.
Kendrick glanced to his side, surprised. Hey, Tuck. Im glad I
could make it. Thanks for the invite.
No problem. Tucker checked his watch. Big game
tomorrow. You shouldnt stay too late. Male posturing? Maybe.
But Tucker needed Dean to move away from Abby in the worst
way possible.
Deans eyebrows rose slightly. Ah, yeah, I guess. Early road
trip out to LA in the morning.
All right then. Tucker moved aside and for a moment, no
one moved. He felt Abbys eyes on him but didnt take his off
Kendrick.
We were in the middle of a conversation, Tucker,
 Abby said.
I know,
 Tucker replied,
But Dean here needs to go.
Are you kidding me? Abbys eyes widened as a hint of
pissed off crossed her face.
Tucker wished he was. He wished he didnt feel all the stuff
going on inside him. And maybe he was acting like a
Neanderthal, dragging his knuckles along the floor, but he
couldnt help it.
Dean cleared his throat, shook his head slightly and then
smiled at Abby. Okay. I guess I should be getting home.
Nothing like getting to bed before nine on a Wednesday
evening. He shot a dark look at his agent. But hockey comes
first.
He bent and kissed Abbys cheek, and if Tucker was all sorts
of twisted up before, right now he was ready to bounce
something off the wall, and Dean Kendricks head looked pretty
damn good.
Im so sorry. I dont know whats gotten into Tucker. But
remember what I said? Abby said softly.
Dean chuckled. Will do. He nodded to Tucker. See you at
our meeting next week, Mr. Simon. And then he disappeared in
the crowd.
Okay, what the hell was that all about?
Tuckers eyes moved from the back of Kendricks head to the
flashing brown eyes that stared up at him. Okay, she was pissed.
Seems as if he was two for two tonight.
Nothing,
 he said. The guy needs his rest. Weak, he knew,
but it was all he had.
Bullshit. You were rude to him. You were more than rude.
You were unprofessional and rude. Dean Kendrick is probably
your biggest client and one of the nicest guys I know. He doesnt
deserve to be treated like a five-year-old the night before a big
game. And considering he was doing you a favor by showing up
to this charity shin-dig, you owe him an apology.
Wait. What?
How the hell would you know if Dean Kendrick is nice or
not? Youve met him, what, twice? Maybe three times?
First of all, that has nothing to do with it, and secondly, you
dont know everything there is to know about me. Something
flashed in her eyes and for a second Tucker thought that maybe
they were arguing about something totally different.
Dean is into art, Tucker. Art. Hes into sketching and
painting and weve had more than a few conversations about it.
When the hell have you had time to have conversations with
Dean Kendrick about art? Hes a hockey player in the NHL, for
Christ sake. Since when does he have time for someone like
you? Okay was he crazy? Or just losing it? Had he missed
something?
Abbys mouth opened, but nothing came out. And then she
took a step forward and thumped him in the chest. She thumped
him hard enough to move him back an inch or so, and there was
a collective gasp from the crowd that surrounded them.
So much for not making a scene.
I cant believe you just said that. What do you mean
someone like me? You dont think Im good enough for Dean
Kendrick? Abby blew out a loud breath, tugging a strand of hair
from her face.
I heard her, you know. Abby bit out. Im sure everyone in
this place heard her. Sonya Devonish. Is she right? Am I just a
bartender that youre fucking?
Shocked, Tucker stared down at a woman who had gone way
beyond pissed. Hell, they were so far into unknown territory
right now that he had no idea how to get them back. How had his
evening nosedived into the toilet in just under ten minutes?
Abby.
Dont Abby me. This whole thing was a mistake. Its all a
mistake.
Tucker didnt give a damn that they were in the middle of one
of the Simon Foundations biggest fundraisers. He didnt care
that all around them, people pretended to have conversations
while trying not to look as if they were listening in on him and
Abby.
He didnt give a shit about any of that, because all of a sudden
he was filled with something that made his chest tight.
Something that heated his blood and pressed onto his heart.
It was big and it was green and it was ugly.
He was jealous as hell, and it was time that he faced the fact
that Abby Matthews was in his life. That shed somehow bled
into parts of him that he thought were protected. Parts of him
that he thought were dead.
He didnt have time to analyze or think about the facts. He
needed to get her alone.
Come with me.
What? No way. Im not going anywhere with you. I dont
even know why I came to this thing.
But he didnt give her the option. He scooped her up, tossed
her over his shouldera fucking caveman move if ever there
was oneand headed toward the lobby.
He ignored all the gasps, the whispers and pointed fingers. He
ignored the look of holy-shit on his brother Jacks face. It was
hard, but he ignored the squirming woman on his shoulder and
the screech when he pressed his hand into her ass to keep her
steady.
He even ignored her attempts to bite him.
He ignored all of it and walked out of the Terrace Room and
headed toward the elevator. Once the doors closed behind him,
he slowly let her down, his eyes on the frantic pulse at her neck.
Abby opened her mouth to speak but he shook his head and
something in his eyes got to her, because nothing came out. He
moved forward until he crowded her into the wall, until he could
practically hear her heart banging against her chest. Until he
could smell the shampoo in her hair and the musk on her skin.
He placed both of his hands on either side of her and before
she could say a word, he silenced her with his mouth.
Tucker Simon kissed Abby Mathews long and he kissed her
hard. He kissed her as if she was the air he breathed or the life in
his veins. He inhaled her. He devoured her. And when he finally
dragged his mouth away, both of them were panting.
For a few seconds, the only noise he heard was the roaring of
his blood as it pounded in his ears. He didnt hear the bell ring or
the elevator doors slide open. He didnt even hear the slap of her
hand across his skin, but the burn of her palm on his cheek was
enough to snap him out of whatever the hell it was that had
taken him over.
I hate you,
 she whispered.
And then she was gone, sliding past him and the startled
couple waiting to get into the elevator.
The look in Abbys eyes tore at him and suddenly the greeneyed
monster was nothing compared to what gripped him now.
Because what gripped him now was fear. Fear that hed blown it.
Fear that, once again, he was losing something.
Something that he thought maybe hed grown to love.
A
20
bby tore out of The Plaza Hotel and jumped into the first taxi
that she saw. She was so angry and confused and angry that she
could barely give the taxi driver her address. Light bulbs flashed
in her face as paparazzi shouted at her for a smile. A wave. A
name!
A smile? A goddamn smile?
She wanted to cry and she had no idea what the hell had just
happened.
Are you okay, Miss? the taxi driver asked as he pulled away.
Hell. No.
Im great,
 she answered woodenly, eyes on her hands.
Never been better.
She said no more because there were no words. How could she
vocalize the paralyzing emotion inside of her? She didnt say
anything to Lisa when she walked through the door of their
apartment. She gave her roommate the hand and headed for her
bedroom, the beautiful dress shed been so excited for Tucker to
see catching the door when she slammed it shut.
Some incoherent sound welled up from her chest, and she
yanked on the material so hard that the dress ripped. Staring
down at the tattered end, she sank to the floor, shaking, the ball
of emotion in her chest threatening to break free.
What. The. Hell.
Shed been looking forward to this night all week and now?
Now it was done and over, and it hadnt even begun. It had
crashed and burned andher hands flew to her cheeksit had
crashed and burned in en epic way.
Oh God,
 she whispered.
Abby Mathews didnt do meltdowns. Not even when Allison
Getty had snapped inappropriate pictures of Abby in her
underwear and sent them to members of their high school
football team. Not even then.
Shed just had the most intense fight ever, right in the middle
of the Terrace Room at the Plaza. What would Tuckers family
think?
A knock sounded at her door and she froze.
Abby, you gotta let me in. It was Tucker.
Seconds ticked by, seconds that turned into minutes.
Abby, please. We need to talk. Iwe really need to talk.
She glanced up at the door and felt a spark of heat hit her in
the chest. Something was still alive inside her, and it was that
something that forced Abby to her feet. It was that something
that let her open the door.
And it was that something that twisted hard, until she had to
look away from him. Moving out of the way, she let Tucker into
her bedroom and then closed the door again.
Im surprised Lisa let you into the apartment. Good. She
sounded normal. Calm even.
A hundred bucks will do it,
 he answered and her eyes shot
up to his.
Just kidding,
 Tucker said softly. I told her that I wasnt
leaving and Id sleep on the front doorstep if she didnt let me
in.
She should have left you out there.
Its cold.
I know.
Actually, its November so its more than cold. Its
freezing.
Good. Even better. Abby tugged at a knot in her hair, afraid
to ask but just as afraid not to. What the hell just happened,
Tucker?
He cleared his throat. Ran his hand through the hair at his
nape, hair that hed let grow out. Hair that only last night shed
gripped between her fingers when theyd made love.
Damn. Theyd been so close. As close as a man and woman
could be without
Without saying the three words that could bring them even
closer. I. Love. You.
Suddenly overwhelmed, Abby turned away and muttered.
Never mind.
When does he have time for someone like you?
Those had been Tuckers words. Words that pretty much said
it all. Someone like you. Someone who doesnt matter. And
thats exactly what this was about. At least for her.
Abby was smart enough to know there was a whole lot more
going on than a few choice words that hurt. Ever since that first
night that shed stayed over at Tuckers, shed been walking on
glass. Afraid to be happy. Afraid of not being happy. Afraid of
being afraid.
Afraid of loving him.
Afraid of never being loved in return. It was exhausting,
pretending that everything was perfect, because perfect was
nothing more than an illusion. She loved this man and he She
had no idea what was going on inside his head.
Hey. His voice was low and had that bit of roughness she
loved. She felt his warmth at her back and closed her eyes,
wishing that she could melt into him and forget it all. But she
couldnt. Abby had her pride.
His hands were on her shoulders. I acted like an asshole.
Yep.
But Kendrick pissed me off.
She wiggled out of his hands and turned around so that she
could face him. Why?
His dark eyes studied her for the longest time, and then he
shrugged. I dont like him touching you. I wasI was jealous.
Jealous,
 she repeated. That something inside her flipped
around causing her heart to speed up and her face to burn. She
had to shut that stuff down right now, because jealously didnt
mean any more than a loss of control. It wasnt love. It was the
fear of losing a possession.
He had his hand on you, and I didnt like it.
So you decided to throw me over your shoulder like Tarzan
and tear out of the Terrace Room of The Plaza Hotel in front of, I
dont know, 350 guests?
400.
What? she snapped.
There were 400 guests.
Silence fell between them, and then Abby spoke, clearly and
concisely. Mick would have been proud. I cant do this
anymore.
Abby. He moved forward, but she moved back a step.
What the hell are you saying? I acted like a dick. I admit it. I was
jealous as hell and acted like a goddamn fifteen-year-old.
Tuckers face was dark and intense, and he crowded her until the
back of her legs pressed against her bed.
Couldnt he see what was inside her? Why couldnt he see?
Youve surprised me,
 Tucker said, almost to himself.
What the hell does that mean?
His hand was now in her hair, and it took everything that she
had not to lean into his touch. His other hand crept up and
cupped her jaw, his thumb rolling over her bottom lip in a slow,
sensual way.
She was falling. There was no other way about it. She would
fall into a puddle at his feet, and he could stomp all over her.
You, my friend, have knocked me on my ass.
Take your hands off of me, Tucker. I cant think straight
when youre touching me.
He grinned at that but didnt let go. Instead he lowered his
head until he was so close to her that she could count every
single eyelash if she wanted to.
Abby, I was jealous because I dont want another man
touching you. I dont want another man looking at you, and I
sure as hell want to know if youre having conversations about
art with Dean Kendrick. He drew in a ragged breath and Abby
watched him, her heart pounding crazily. He had to see what was
in her eyes. He had to know.
This thing between us has gone way past casual. Its so far
past casual that Im
Youre? Hope flared inside her. She couldnt help it.
Im thinking things that I never thought possible again.
Ever. His hands slid back along her jaw and he dipped his head
so that his warm breath fell against her earlobe.
Im thinking of the future. Im thinking of a future with you
in it.
Startled, Abby blinked rapidly. What are you saying?
Im saying that the last month has been incredible. Im
saying that when I wake up in the morning and youre not there I
dont like it. Im saying that the highlight of my day is when I
come to the bar and watch you work, or meet you for dinner and
then we go back to my place and have lots of hot sex.
She was breathless. There was no air inside her.
Im saying that watching the way your eyes shimmer when
youre about to come because Im inside you is the hottest thing
Ive ever seen. His mouth moved up her jawline so slowly that
her toes curled by the time he made it to her lips.
And then he murmured against her.
Im saying that I want you to come up north to the cottage
with me to celebrate Thanksgiving with my family and that when
we come home
God, she couldnt think straight. What? she whispered into
his mouth.
I want you to move in with me.
SO YOURE HEADING up to Canada with Tucker?
Abby cleaned out the lemon tray and nodded. Yep. It was
the Tuesday night before the long weekend and the bar had been
hopping. New York had seen its first snowfall and the city was
coated in several inches of the white stuff. It was crisp and clear,
and, for now, clean outside.
With Christmas decorations twinkling from windows and
Thanksgiving two days away, most of the city was in a good
mood. Heck, Abby was in a great mood. Shed be in an even
better mood once they were closed up, because she was off until
after the holidays.
She glanced up at her brother Mick, whose frown was as dark
as the thick waves on top of his head.
Jesus, Mick. Have you looked like that all day or did someone
just now shit in your cornflakes?
Very funny.
She shrugged and grabbed the lime tray.
Her roommate Lisa, slid up to the bar and sat her butt down.
She was still nursing a beer, peeling the label back while she
waited for Abby to finish.
Did she tell you that shes moving in with him? Lisa said
quietly, eyes still on the label of her beer bottle.
Abbys head shot up, and if looks could kill, Lisa would be
minus a head right now. She knew her roommate was worried
that things were moving too fast between Abby and Tucker, but
still, this was Abbys decision, not Lisas. Besides, its not as if
she was giving up her apartment. That would be stupid.
Abigail
Dont start, Mick. Im a big girl. She narrowed her eyes as
she glanced across the bar at Lisa. And I havent made up my
mind yet, but
But,
 Mick prompted.
Im thinking about it.
Mick tossed his rag onto the bar. What the hell do you see in
that guy? I know hes pretty. I know hes filthy rich, but Abigail

I hate when you call me Abigail.
Its your name.
You sound just like Dad.
Mick grabbed her handgentlyand she looked up at him,
eyes shining, heart bursting inside her.
I love him, Mick. There. Shed said the words out loud. I
love him,
 she said again.
Micks hand fell away. Wow. I knew you were in deep, but I
sure as shit didnt know you were all in.
Abby let the tray fall back into the sink. Ive pretty much
loved Tucker Simon since that first night he walked into this
bar. She nodded toward Lisa. He sat there, he smiled up at me
and I justI just knew that he would change my life.
Oh. God. To hear the words come out of her own mouth. To
own those wordsthat was life changing.
For a moment there was silence, and then Mick spoke gruffly.
His situation is complicated.
She nodded.
Im pretty damn sure hes still married.
Again she nodded. As far as Abby knew, his wife, Marley, had
never been legally declared dead.
Does he know that you love him?
I dont know,
 she whispered.
Does he love you?
I dont know.
But youre going to spend Thanksgiving with him.
Slowly, she nodded.
Well,
 Mick said, his arm sliding across her shoulder.
Guess its time you figured that shit out.
Abby leaned into her brother, eyes on her best friend, Lisa.
She was anxious, scared and trying like hell not to be too
hopeful. It was hard. Tucker had asked her to think about
moving in with him. Hed mentioned the word future, and that
had pretty much bounced around her head for the past few days.
Heck, who was she kidding? It was all she could think about.
But Abigail, if he breaks your heart I will hurt him. Her
brother wasnt teasing and she knew him well enough to know
that he would try.
Okay,
 she whispered.
Okay.
T
21
he Simon family home in Gravenhurst, Ontario on the banks
of Lake Muskoka was one of those places where Tucker always
felt comfortable. God, but he loved it up here. There were no
cameras. No paparazzi. No business meetings. No distractions.
Nothing but the fresh air, the lake, and a house large enough to
fit the entire Simon clan.
Although as he gazed down at the chaos in the kitchen, he
wasnt so sure it would survive all the add-ons.
The add-ons being, Betty Jo Barker. His sister Graces current
romance du jour, some trendy hipster named Harry who refused
to take his beanie off. Jacks girlfriend, Monique. And well, the
one add-on he couldnt take his eyes off of, Abby.
His brother Teague was somewhere in South America
nobody knew where exactlyand Tuckers hope of seeing his
twin was long gone. The last time hed talked to Teague had been
the week before, but even that conversation had been short.
Tucker hadnt even had the chance to tell him about Abby.
And now it was Wednesday, closing in on nine oclock and
dark as sin outside. Not one star in the sky. He and Abby had
arrived a few hours earlier. Theyd met up with Grace and Harry
at LaGuardia, flown to Toronto and then driven up north. The
family had indulged in some beers and Chinese food, and while
Beau and his father were busy getting the fireplace going, the
girls were relaxing in the kitchen and Tucker had escaped
upstairs for some quiet.
But he wasnt alone.
Jack leaned over the second floor railing and gazed down at
the kitchen as well. The great-big-ass-room, as they called it,
was massive, open concept, with a full bank of windows that
overlooked the lake. All of the bedrooms fed off an upper
walkway that extended three quarters around. When Tucker was
much smaller, he and his brothers would have epic spitball wars,
shooting anyone who walked into the room.
God, those were the days.
Jack cleared his throat and shook his head. How is it that you
can pull the kind of stunt that you pulled at the fundraiser and
still manage to convince that girl to come up here with you?
Tucker grinned. My charm?
Jack stood up, arms crossed over his chest as he continued to
gaze below. Dressed in a plain white T-shirt, old worn jeans, and
sporting more than a couple days of growth on his chin, Tuckers
older brother looked about as far removed from Washington as
one could get.
Tucker kinda missed that look on him.
Christ, I dont know what Monique would do if I pulled a
stunt like that.
Tuckers eyes swung to Jacks girlfriend. The woman was
perched on the edge of a sofa, trying to look interested in what
Betty, Abby, and his mother were discussing. But even from
here, it looked as if the woman was bored as hell. Guess they
werent discussing the color of paint on the walls or what would
look better on the windows, some of that frilly see-through shit
or California shutters.
Why is Monique even here? Tucker asked suddenly.
Jacks head swiveled his way. What do you mean? Its
Thanksgiving.
Yeah. Thanksgiving. A time you spend with your family.
Those who matter.
Jacks eyebrows knitted together, and he unfolded his arms.
Say again?
Tucker shrugged. I just dont get you two is all. Actually, I
dont get a lot of the women youve dated over the past five
years. Theyre nothing like
Dont say it,
 Jack bit out.
Donovan.
Tucker studied his brother. Jacks face was dangerously pissed
off, and his hands were clenched at his sides. Huh.
Donovan James was an outrageous, sexy as hell singer with a
bit of twang, a bit of rock and roll and a whole lot of attitude.
Shed ridden that attitude all the way to the top of the charts in
more countries than you could count on both hands, and graced
as many trashy magazines or even more than their brother Beau.
A few years back and more than a lifetime ago, shed been the
love of a very young Jack Simons life.
She was, in Tuckers opinion, the one that got away.
Dont go there with me, Tuck,
 Jack warned, sounding
seriously pissed off.
Tucker shoved away from the railing and faced his brother.
Look, I dont want to start something, but Jack, Monique isnt
the right girl for you. Shes nowhere near what you need, and if
you dont watch out, youll end up married and miserable. Just
saying.
Thats pretty ballsy of you to be handing out relationship
advice. From what Ive heard, youve been banging a shit-ton of
women in the city for the past year. And yeah, I know Moms all
about you getting back out there, but I think youre going about
it all wrong. Whats Abby? Just another body in your bed while
you try to decide whether or not you want to live a real life
without Marley?
This has nothing to do with Marley.
Tucker clamped his mouth. A muscle worked its way across
his cheek as he studied his brother.
Are you sure, Tucker? Because from where Im standing, it
looks like it has everything to do with Marley.
Tucker glared at his brother. He glared at him for so long that
his shoulder muscles stretched and tightened.
Shes been gone for over three years, Tuck. Its time.
Shit. There it was.
He glanced back downstairs. Caught sight of Abby giggling
next to Betty and his heart twisted. He could ignore the obvious
and shrug his shoulders, or he could be honest and lay it all out
there. He could say the words that had been knocking around
inside his head for days.
I asked her to move in with me,
 he finally said. I think I
love her.
You think? Jack asked roughly. Thats not good enough,
Tucker. Not for someone like her. That girl down there wants the
whole nine yards and I dont know her real well, but she seems
the type to deserve it.
You think I dont know that? He shot a dark look at his
brother.
Hey, youre the one who started this bullshit. Not me. Im
just pointing out the obvious.
Yeah? Whats that?
That girls in love with you, and if you dont feel the same
way, youve got to cut her loose.
Tucker didnt know what to say. Hed been in love before.
Hell, up until a month ago, he thought hed be in love with
Marley for as long as he was alive. Their love hadnt been
perfect, in fact a lot of the time it had been rough and volatile
but it had also been passionateit had been young and fresh and
exciting and
It had been safe. Back then, their whole world had been safe.
Until she took a ride on that plane.
Fuck me,
 he whispered, eyes still glued to Abby, more
confused than ever. The memory of Marley was something that
he didnt think would let him go. How could it? It would always
be unfinished. That last morning hed shared with her would
always be unfinished. How did he deal with that? With the things
he hadnt done?
How did he make Abby fit into all of that without hurting her
in the end?
And so he stood next to his brother, looking down until Abby
turned her sweet face up to him. She wiped at that long piece of
hair that always tickled her nose and she smiled at him until
Betty said something that made her giggle and turn away.
I dont know if what I have to give is enough for Abby.
Jack put his hand on Tuckers shoulder. Brother, you need to
find out. But a word of advice
Yeah?
Dont use think and love in the same sentence when talking
to a woman. Not if you want to keep all your manly parts intact.
Tuckers gaze was on Abby again. Good to know,
 he
murmured.
A FEW HOURS LATER, Tucker thought about his brothers words as he
and Abby made their way outside to the bunky, which was a
small bunkhouse the boys used to sleep in when they were
younger. Located about twenty feet from the main house and
nestled among a bunch of Fir trees, it was big enough for a
double bed, a TV, a small bathroom and not much else.
But it was private and Tucker had some things on his mind.
Things that needed to be taken care of.
The place was warmhis father had made sure the heat was
turned on and the small lamp near the bed cast a soft glow.
He shut the door behind him and pulled Abby into his arms,
resting his chin on top of her head, listening to her breathing,
feeling her heart beating. Slowly her arms made their way up to
his shoulders, and she leaned back, eyes shimmery in the low
lights.
For several moments, the two of them stared at each other,
Tucker not letting go and Abby looking up at him with a
shuttered expression.
Finally, she exhaled. Youre scaring me.
God, thats not what he wanted. I dont mean to.
Whats going on, Tucker? She wiggled her hips and stepped
out of his embrace, shivering. After folding her arms across her
chest, she met his gaze, her toes digging into the pine floors.
We need to talk,
 he began and stopped. How the hell was
he going express the feelings inside him? What words could even
come close to describing what he was trying to say?
Okay,
 her voice trembled a bit. What about?
Us.
She made a weird noise and shook her head. I get it. Being
here with your family made you realize a few things.
Yeah, it did.
She licked that bottom lip which was usually his trigger for all
sorts of hot and sexy things. Already his mind was going south,
but before he actually followed through on it and went south, he
needed to be clear about things.
So, this is it then? She thrust her chin out. Were done?
Youve come to the conclusion that I dont fit the Simon mold?
Well, I gotta say Tucker, not everyone can be like aa Monique
Patterson or a She stumbled over her words, glanced away
and whispered. Aa Marley.
Youre right about that.
She whipped her head around. Im right about what?
Youre nothing like Monique Patterson, thank God and,
 he
paused because this was important. Youre nothing like
Marley.
So what exactly are you saying?
He took a step toward her.
Im saying that I want you to move in with me.
He took another step. Im saying that I want to wake up with
you next to me every single morning. Im saying that I want you.
I want you in my life and I dont want anymore of this lets see
where it goes bullshit, because Ive got to tell you, Abigail.
Were already there.
We are,
 she repeated softly.
Weve been there for a while, and I think that Im just now
getting it. But
But?
Ive got some shit to sort out. Hell, Marley hasnt even been
declared legally dead yet, and it might take a while for me to deal
with some of it, so if you cant waitor you need to think about
it. He blew out a hot breath not really sure what else to say. Ill
understand but you have to know Im not giving up, and if you
need a break, I get it. But you also need to know that as soon as I
get this stuff squared away, Im coming for you. When I think
ahead, when I think of tomorrow or next week, I see you. When I
think of next Thanksgiving, its you I see, Abby. No one else.
He watched a play of emotion run across her face like the tide
rolling in from the ocean. He knew what she wanted to hear and
Christ, but he wanted to say itthose three little words that
were game changers. But there was still a part of him that felt as
if he couldnt go there until everything else was dealt with.
He needed to deal with Marleys death. Only then could he
move on with his heart 100% free. He just hoped like hell Abby
would be there for him when he was done.
Abbys bottom lip trembledm and he couldnt help himself.
He traced her generous mouth with his forefinger and swept his
lips across hers.
Im not going anywhere, Tucker. Her voice was so soft that
at first he wasnt sure shed spoken.
He rested his forehead against hers, some of his tension gone.
Okay.
So,
 she said, voice husky and full of all kinds of sex and
smoke. What exactly are you going to do with me now that you
have me out here in your little bunky?
He kissed the corner of her mouth, so relieved that it felt as if
a hundred pounds had just been lifted off his shoulders.
Well, Miss Mathews. Im going to get you naked and wet. Im
going to lay you down on that bed and Im going to spread your
legs and then Im going to have my way with you. Were gonna
fuck hard and fast.
Her chest rose and fell. His girl liked the dirty talk.
And then Im going to taste every inch of you, with my
mouthmy tongue, my fingers.
She made that noise that she didthe one that told him she
was already close. He smiled, licked her, and stole another kiss.
And then were going to go nice and slow. Im going to
worship you, Abby. Your mouth. Your breasts. That delicious ass
of yours. His voice was ragged now. Im going to kiss you
between your legs until I make you come. And then Im going to
start all over again.
She reached for the top button of her blouse. So worship,
Mr. Simon, because Im halfway to horny and you kind of had me
at hot and wet.
A
22
bby woke just as dawn was breaking. The air was cool on her
nose and outside the wind howled, but here, under the covers
with Tucker, she was warm.
She was warm and content and so in love that there was no
turning back now. If that had even been a consideration before,
it was long gone. Especially after the night theyd just shared.
She and Tucker had connected on a level shed never thought
possible.
She knew he loved her. He might not have said the words, but
she knew. It was in the way he touched heras if she was a
breakable. In the way his eyes watched her while his mouth was
on her. The way he held her face and kissed her with a
tenderness that had brought tears to her eyes. It was in the way
he held her and caressed her temple.
Theyd talked with their hands, their bodies and with their
eyes. The words werent said, but they were there. Just beneath
the surface. Waiting for the right moment.
And Abby was willing to wait. For Tucker, she would do that.
Gingerly turning over so that she faced him, her heart swelled
watching him sleep. God, he looked so young. So incredibly
young and alive. She grinned. And sexy.
Hed let his hair grow out over the last month so it curled over
his ears, teased his neck, and long waves swept over his
forehead. Gently she pushed them back, her fingers tracing his
sculpted cheeks, strong jaw, until they rested on his lips.
Man she loved his lips.
Reaching forward she swept a kiss across them and then held
her breath when she felt him move.
His hands snaked around her waist, and he snuggled into her
neck. Hey,
 Tucker murmured, his whiskers making her shiver
as they scraped across her skin.
Good morning,
 she managed to say. His hands moved
downward and cupped her butt intimately against him.
This is nice,
 he said, mouth against her neck.
Really nice,
 she answered, squirming a bit because the
desire, it was already burning hot.
But Tucker didnt. He stayed there, nose buried in her neck,
hands holding her close to him. They laid together like that for a
long time, each breathing the other in until dawn became full
blown morning.
Eventually, Tucker moved a bit and rested his elbow on the
pillow so he could prop his head, his eyes unreadable, but
intense.
Are you all right? Abby asked, carefully, her body suddenly
tense. It never ceased to amaze her how emotions ebbed and
flowed, rushing and then disappearing. What was going on
behind those eyes?
Im better than all right,
 he answered, a slow grin creeping
over his face, making her insides melt all over again.
Youre amazing. Do you know that? Tucker said softly.
Abby shrugged. Ive been told once or twice.
He laughedoutright chuckledand the sound made her feel
as if she could fly. When it fell away to nothing, she couldnt
take her eyes off of him.
Last night was he said. There was that wicked grin again.
Yeah. She blushed at the thought of some of the things
shed done to him. With him. For him.
So this is really happening. Us,
 Tucker said quietly.
For a second Abby couldnt speak. So she nodded and closed
her eyes, hoping the tears that pricked the corner of her eyes
werent visible. But one slipped down, and she felt his touch as
he slowly wiped it away.
Abby.
Im fine,
 she managed. She was more than fine. She was
more than everything that she thought being with Tucker would
be.
Tell me about Marley.
Oh. God.
Abbys eyes flew open and Tuckers hand froze. Where the
hell had that come from?
It was surprise that sat in Tuckers eyes, that much was clear,
and Abby cleared her throat, reaching for his hand.
Tucker, I dont.Im sorry, I
But what to say? She knew about the nightmares and
insomnia that had haunted him for months after Marley
disappeared. She knew that hed taken a vacation from life. She
knew that for a while, hed drank himself to sleep every single
night. She also knew they werent the picture-perfect couple
that the press had touted them to be, but then who was? She
knew those kinds of things.
But she knew nothing about Marley. Not really. Not the stuff
that mattered.
Tucker exhaled and drew her into his arms so that her back
was to his chest, her head once more tucked under his chin. Her
eyes moved to the window, to the snowflakes slowly making
their way down from the sky. So white. So Fluffy. So perfect.
I met Marley in college and uh, I think its pretty safe to say
that she didnt like me at first. Mainly because I was an arrogant
shit, but mostly because I put the moves on her while being
involved with someone else. I was young and stupid and kind of
wild, but I saw something in Marley. Some intense and focused
part of her that somehow fit.
For a few moments, there was only the wind outside. Only
Tuckers long, steady breaths.
Our families didnt want us to get married. Especially my
mother. They thought we were too young. And when I think back
now, I can see why. We were too young. Just out of college. But
Marley always had this way of talking people into accepting her
point of view. She was relentless. Its why I could never win an
argument with her. I would give up, and shed spend the next
hour talking. God, that girlshe liked to argue.
He kissed the top of Abbys head. I guess thats something
you have in common.
Abby didnt say anything, she just settled in to listen. She
knew in her heart that Tucker sharing all of this meant
something. It meant that he was finally letting her inside the
one part of him that hed closed off. And she couldnt lie to
herself. It hurt to hear him talk about a woman hed loved. A
woman who had been his first love.
It hurt to think that if Marley was still herethat if her young
life hadnt met a tragic end, the two of them would still be
together.
Its been over three years, and Ive had time to think Abby.
Time to remember things. And one of the things I loved most
about Marley was that she lived life like there wasnt going to be
a tomorrow. Everything that she did, she did full tilt. One
hundred percent all in. Its as if she knew that she wasnt going
to be around for long, and Id be a liar if I didnt say that it could
be exhausting at times..
His hand tightened, just underneath her breast and his
breathing changed. She wanted a kid. As young as she was, she
wanted a kid real bad.
Abby bit her lip. She heard the pain in his voice and it seeped
into her.
That was one argument I didnt let her win. Hell, wed only
been married a few months when she first brought it up. I
wanted to live without the responsibility of a kid. I wanted us to
do things. Travel. Go to Europe. Snorkel off the coast of
Australia. Spend some of that damn Simon money sitting in the
bank, but
Tucker we dont have toyou dont have to tell me this
stuff.
No,
 he said, voice rough. It feels good to get it out. There
are things I havent told anybody. Not even Teague and he pretty
much knows everything.
He paused.
She lied to me. She stopped taking the pill, and she didnt
tell me, and she got pregnant.
Abby stilled. This was big. It was big and heavy, and she
wasnt sure she wanted to know.
No one in the family knew, because I was so angry that I
didnt tell anyone. We fought about it, a lot, and at first she
denied everything. Said it was an accident. That we were that one
percent it happened to. But Christ, I knew. Looking into her
eyes, I knew and that was the one time I wasnt giving in. No way
was I letting her win that one. After a while, she realized the lie
was useless and she finally came clean. But the damage was
done, you know? How could I trust her after that?
He sighed. In the end, it didnt really matter. She lost the
baby at fourteen weeks. It was a little boy. He was quiet for a
second. Shit, I didnt know I wanted him until he was gone.
Oh, Tucker,
 Abby whispered, burrowing into him.
Wrapping her arms around his and holding him.
Things werent exactly settled afterward. I was still trying to
figure her out. Figure out how she could lie like that. About a
month after she lost the baby, she got that call to head out with a
team to investigate a bunch of beached whales. It was early. A
Sunday morning. I remember she tugged on my arm. Wanted me
awake. She asked me to give her a lift to the airport. But Id been
out with a couple of the guys the night before, something Id
been doing a lot of that last month or so. My head was pounding,
and I was pissed off that shed woke me up.
His hand was in Abbys hair.
Thats all I remember. I didnt look at her. I didnt kiss her
goodbye. She mumbled something like,
we need to talk when I
get back. And that was it. Thats the last time I heard her voice,
other than in my nightmares.
Abby slowly turned around, her heart aching with the pain
that she saw on his face.
Its not your fault, you know,
 Abby said softly.
No,
 Tucker replied. But sometimes it feels like it.
Do you God, was Abby really going to go there right now?
Do you still love her?
Breath held, Abby stared up into the eyes of the man who
owned her heart, waiting for him to say something. But
moments ticked by, long moments filled with a heavy silence.
I He blew out a hot breath.
Say something.
Tucker looked tortured. There was no other word for it.
She whispered,
its okay.
He made a sound that came from deep inside his soul.
Abby.
And then his mouth was on hers and she wrapped her hands
in that long hair of his and gave him what he needed. Love.
She kissed him, pouring every ounce of feeling that she had
into that kiss. When his tongue plunged inside her mouth, she
answered in kind. It quickly became an aggressive, almost frantic
joining.
Their lips. Their bodies. Their minds and their souls.
Tucker whipped the covers off of them and the cool air hit her
hot, sweaty skin, but it didnt matter. It was brighter outside,
and she feasted on the sight of him. How his muscles strained as
his arms cradled her, how the tendons in his neck corded when
he raised himself over her.
When he slid inside Abby, when she felt that hot, throbbing
length of him buried inside her body, she pulled him close. If she
could have crawled inside him she would have. She would have
done anything for him. She bucked her hips and met his thrusts,
their mouths once more entwined.
There were no words. No soft moments, no slow sensual
caresses. There was only need and want and a connection that
she didnt want to ever break.
As Tuckers thrusts became harder, faster. As her insides
began to pull and her orgasm pressed hard. As their sweat
soaked bodies slid against each othertheir rhythm perfect, the
friction eroticAbby strained against his mouth, her heart full
and near to bursting.
I love you. I love you. I love you.
Over and over she heard those words inside her head.
Only afterward as she laid in his arms, both of them trying to
catch their breath did she think that maybe one of them had said
those words out loud.
T
23
hanksgiving came and went, but it was one of the best
Thanksgivings Tucker could remember. The snow had come early
to Northern Ontario, so the annual Simon family football game
was a no go. However, theyd cleared the ice between the
boathouse and the shoreline, and a pretty animated game of
shinny had entertained everyone for most of the afternoon.
Heck, even his mother had thrown on a pair of skates.
Tucker grinned. Who knew that his girl was such an ace on
the ice? But then, every day something about Abby surprised
him.
She talked in her sleep.
She won the football pool every goddamn week.
She never matched her socks. Like ever. Shed wear black and
white zebra print on one foot and brown and gold cheetah print
on the other.
She was addicted to The Walking Dead and he didnt get that
at all. Christ, every character on that show looked as if they
needed to spend a goddamn week soaking in a bathtub. How the
hell she thought the redneck with the crossbow was hot, hed
never know.
And her sketches were the most beautiful things hed ever
seen. In fact, hed shown a few to a friend of his in the business
and Abby was now working with a writer on a proposal for a
series of childrens books.
Things were moving along. Progressing. And Tucker couldnt
remember ever feeling so excited about the unknown. About a
future with someone.
Abby had moved into his apartment the second week in
December. Sure her brother Mick had been a grouch about it
said they were moving a little too fast for him. But her other
brothers, especially the youngest Josh, were great and her
parents were really good people.
Her roommate Lisa spent more than her fair share of
evenings with them for that first month, but after a while, it had
slowed down and now she only showed up Friday nights for wine
and a movie.
Abby said it was because she had a new guy, though Lisa
wasnt talking and he knew that it was driving his girl crazy,
because she wanted to know who it was.
Tucker was fine with Abby having her girls nights. He usually
made himself scarceGod forbid he got roped into watching The
Fucking Notebookor met some of the guys from the agency for
beer and darts at The Black Dog.
Theyd fallen into a routine and things were good. They were
better than good.
Yep. Tucker was one lucky son-of-a-bitch to have found
Abby, and there was no way in hell he was letting her go.
He glanced down at his cell. Fingered the number in the call
displaythe last one to call his phoneand tried to quiet the
anxiety he was trying real hard not to feel.
Hed approached Marleys parents a few weeks before about
starting the process to have her declared legally dead. It had
been the hardest decision hed ever made, but after nearly four
years, it was time. At least for him.
The conversation hadnt gone smoothly. In fact, it had been
pretty awful. He cared about these people, a lot, but their pain
was still so palpable, their dislike of his new relationship so
toxic, that hed had to leave and he hadnt heard anything since.
He got that they were still in pain. Hell, he couldnt imagine
what it must be like to lose a child, but he didnt understand why
they couldnt see that he had to move on.
That he had moved on.
He supposed he could petition the court for a death certificate
himself instead of waiting out the seven years, but hed rather
do it with their blessing.
He glanced down at his cell. So why were they calling him
now? It was Valentines Day and he had plans. Big plans.
With a sigh, he pocketed his phone, deciding hed call them
back in the morning and ordered a drink from the bartender.
Tucker had just finished a meeting with a sponsor for one of his
newest clients, Jason Spender, a wide receiver for the Broncos,
and he had about an hour to kill until Abby met him. He was
taking her out for dinner to a fancy little bistro and then to the
airport.
He chuckled to himself, already visualizing her expression
when he told her they were flying to Costa Rica for a week of
sunshine, hot sex, and only themselves for company.
Yep. Big plans.
Shit.
You gonna tell me what that silly ass grin on your face
means?
Tuckers head whipped up so fast he nearly gave himself
whiplash. He was out of his chair, hand clapped on the mans
shoulder before the guy could say anything else.
Jesus Christ, Teague. What the hell? He stared at his twin in
shock. How did youwhat are you doing back here, stateside? I
thought you were still in South America somewhere, or goddamn
Africa.
Teague Simon slapped him on the back, in that rough way
that guys do before sliding onto the barstool beside Tucker.
Tucker couldnt wipe the silly-ass grin off his face. Goddamn
but he missed his brother, and he motioned for the bartender to
bring them another round. Dressed in faded green cargos,
combat boots, a thick cable-knit turtleneck and a worn, black
leather jacket, the guy looked all kinds of dangerous. With more
than a weeks worth of stubble on his jaw and hair that looked
like it needed a cut weeks ago, he didnt exactly look like he
belonged in the upscale bar.
He looked
Christ, Teague. You look like shit.
Teague snorted and downed his tumbler in one long draw. He
raised his glass, indicating he wanted another and leaned on the
bar, his dark eyes intense as they looked back at Tucker.
I feel like shit. But thats pretty much par for the course
these days. Its been a crazy few weeks.
Tucker sipped his whiskey. His brother was a photojournalist,
one usually found in the most dangerous parts of the
world. Be it war in the Middle East, famine in Africa or organized
crime in Mexicohe was there. He was one of the best at what
he did and highly sought after, but from what Tucker could see,
it was starting to show on him.
Teagues eyes lookedhaunted.
Do Mom and Dad know youre back?
The family had been disappointed that Teague had been
unable to make it home for Christmas and in fact, Tucker had
caught his mother sniffling over some old family photos more
than once.
Their sons dangerous escapades were starting to wear on
them as well, and he knew that his mom wanted Teague home
on American soil. She wanted Teague settled with a wife and a
pack of kids, but that wasnt likely to happen. Teague Simon was
like a lone wolf. He just did better on his own.
Nah. Teague shook his head. Im only in New York for a
few hours and no time to head to Florida. Waiting for a flight out
to Egypt.
Egypt?
He shook his head. Yeah.
Dangerous shit going on in that part of the world.
Someones got to go, Tuck. Someone needs to tell the
stories. The real stories.
Tucker didnt say anything. Hed never really understood his
brothers need to live life on the edge. To be in places where life
and death were separated by chance and luck.
Nope. Tucker didnt understand it, but he sure as hell
respected it. As far as he was concerned, his brother Teague was
one of the most fearless men he knew.
How did you know I was here?
Teague slipped off his jacket, smiling at a woman a few seats
down and then stretched out his long arms. Your secretary.
Told me you had a meeting here and that Id find you in the bar.
Teague winked. She knows you well and shes damn cute.
Tuckers eyebrows rose. Shes too young. Christ, shes
barely out of college.
Yeah,
 Teague said with a grin. But still. Shes pretty damn
cute although his grin widened. shes not as hot as the
woman in the picture on your desk. I take it thats your Abby?
Tucker nodded. Busted.
Thats her.
The brothers sat in silence for a few moments and then
Teague spoke gruffly. Im happy for you. After Marleywell, I
just didnt think you were ever going to climb out of that pit. He
shrugged. At least not all the way.
The bartender brought them another round, pointing to the
woman whose hungry gaze was still on Teague. The brothers
accepted the drinks and while Tucker nursed the glass, Teague
slammed his back.
Do you love her? Teague asked.
Tucker glanced at his brother and then nodded. Yeah. I do.
Thats good. Teague paused and shot him a sideways
glance. Have you told her yet?
Christ, his brother knew him well.
No. He thought of his big plans and smiled. But thats all
gonna change tonight.
Just then his cell buzzed and he whipped it out, the smile still
in place. It had to be Abby. But his smile faded when he saw Kate
Danvers name again. Marleys mother. An odd sensation washed
over him. A weird sort of de je vu.
That your girl? Teague asked.
No. He glanced up to his brother. Im going to have to
take this. Whens your flight? Do you still have some time?
Go,
 Teague glanced toward the blond whod bought them a
round. Ill be here when you get back. He shoved away from
the bar and chuckled. Besides, I need to meet this Abby woman.
See if shes as hot in real life as she is in that picture on your
desk.
Dont be getting any ideas about her,
 Tucker warned.
Its not me you have to worry about. Has Cooper met her?
Yeah.
And how did that go?
How do you think?
Teagues grin was contagious. As fucked up as this world is, I
love that some things never change.
Tucker hit return call on his cell and moved to the lobby of the
hotel, where the reception was better and the noise was
minimal. Outside it was snowing, big old snowflakes falling
down in soft gusts, bathed in the streetlights that lit up the
night.
He didnt think the phone rang. Didnt remember hearing a
ring and yet all of a sudden there was his mother-in-laws
panicked voice in his ear.
Tucker Simon, I have been calling you for hours. Why
havent you answered me?
I Shit. What the hell was going on? Im sorry, Kate. I
was in a meeting and my brother just flew into New York for a
few hours. We were catching
I dont care about that. Tucker havent you seen the news?
A shrill undertone colored her words and that prickly
sensation was back. Big time.
No. I
He had a bad feeling about this.
Like I said, Kate. I was in a meeting and only saw you called
now.
Tucker,
 she wailed in his ear. Theyve found her.
For a moment, Tucker felt as if he was sitting in a cold, sterile
room at the end of a very long hallway. There were echoes, not
sounds really, just hard noises banging in his head. All the colors
of the world bled into one, a dull, grey palette, that was sickly
and awful.
Tucker! Did you hear what I just said?
He glanced up then and caught the eye of a businessman,
briefcase in hand. The man looked at Tucker as if trying to put
together a puzzle. And then like a light bulb went off, the mans
expression changed. There was a clarity there. Interest.
Knowing.
Tucker looked away and ran his hand behind his neck,
searching in the bar for his brother.
What are you saying, Kate?
Oh my God, Tucker. Turn on the television. Its all over the
news.
Like one of those crazy zombies from the show that Abby
loved so much, Tucker shuffled back into the bar, yanking on his
tiethe damn thing was too tighthis eyes on the flat screen
above Teagues head. He saw the headline, though the scrolling
words, the details along the bottom were too far away for him to
read.
Missing wife of Tucker Simon, sports agent and one
Americas celebrated Simons
, found alive and well in a hospital
in Cuba.
Son-of-a-bitch.
Teague was walking toward him, his expression calm, though
his eyes were dark and intense. When he spoke, it sounded as if
Teague was down that goddamn hall in that shitty, sterile room,
and his words tinny and sharp.
Are you okay? Tucker?
Tuckers eyes went back to the television. His wedding photo
was now plastered across the screen. Face white, he stared up at
it. Marley looked so young and seeing her up there hit him like a
punch to the gut.
I have to go,
 he mumbled. He couldnt wrap his head
around it. Marley was alive? How was that possible?
Let me grab my jacket. Im with you, brother. Hold on.
Aware that more than a few people were staring, Tucker
walked to the window, his eyes on the snow. The clean,
unspoiled white snow. It mesmerized him and he didnt look
away until he felt Teagues hand on his shoulder.
Where do you need to go?
I Tucker scrubbed at his eyes. Abby
Okay, well figure this out. Im here, all right? Ill cancel
Egypt and. Teagues voice trailed off and Tucker turned
around.
The first thing he saw were fire-engine red boots and a
matching coat that touched the top of her knees. Long dark hair
spilled across her shoulders and her face.
Christ, her face was so white that she looked like a ghost and
her chest heaved as if she couldnt breathe. Abby took one look
at him and her knees buckled.
Hey,
 Tucker said roughly as he moved forward and caught
her up in a fierce hug. He held her trembling body against his,
angry that hed somehow caused her pain. Crazy with fear that
everything he hadeverything that he lovedwas going to slip
away from him.
Again.
Its true then? Abby said, her words stilted as she shivered
in his arms.
I dont know,
 Tucker answered haltingly. Jesus, Abigail, I
justdont know.
Abby rocked into him. Did someone take their photo? Was
that Teague telling someone off?
Tucker had no idea. He was trying his best not to freak the
fuck out. All he could do was hold this woman because right
here, right now, she was real. She was real and she had him. She
had every bit of him, and he needed to let her know that. He
wanted to let her know that.
So why couldnt he? What was wrong with him?
She made a noise and his heart turned over.
He could barely breathe and glanced at his brother. He hadnt
felt this helpless since...since Marley.
As if the very thought of Marley was enough to do it, an image
of her smiling up at him, face flushed, eyes sparkling, hit him
like hammer against stone. It was so real that for a moment he
could smell the ocean. Feel the sun. He could feel Marley.
Startled, he shook his head. Disorientated.
Tucker? Abby croaked, sounding so small.
I dont know if its true,
 he repeated, not knowing what
else to say.
A heartbeat passed.
Well, then,
 Abby replied, raising her face to him, her hands
clutched to his suit jacket. I guess you better find out.
S
24
ometime later, when Lisa stroked her hair as the two of them
cuddled on the sofa and asked her if she was all right, Abby
replied, yes. When her brother Mick dropped by with a pot of
soup made fresh by Dani, their cook at The Black Dog, and he
asked her how she was doing, shed told him that she was fine.
Heck, when her mother called and told her that she and her
father would be on the first flight back from Arizona, Abby had
told her no. Shed told her mother that she was good and would
feel awful if they cut their stay short.
Her mother had protested, but Abby insisted they not come
and told her that shed call when she had news. Her mother
asked one more time if she was fine and once more Abby said
that, yes, she was good.
But the truth of it was, Abby Mathews was nowhere near
good.
The truth of it was, Abby Mathews was so close to losing her
shit, big time, that the fear of losing her shit is what kept her
teetering on that edge. She was so close and yet she refused to
give in.
It had only been a few hours since the Marley Simon story had
hit the news. Hours since her world had imploded. Since Tucker
had brought her back to their placethe home she now shared
with him.
Hours since Tucker had kissed her. Hed held her close and
whispered that things were going to be okay.
But there were so many questions. Questions that she wanted
to ask. Questions that she was afraid to.
And so she said nothing. Shed sat on the edge of their bed
and watched as he changed into a pair of jeans and an old Duke
University hoodie. Said nothing as he rummaged for his
passport, though she kissed him softly when she found it in the
top drawer of the dresser in his closet. It had been clipped
together with hers, along with two tickets to Costa Rica.
Costa Rica. And yet she said nothing.
She kept the tears away when he slipped into the worn
leather jacket that she loved so much and shoved his feet into
the Docs hed worn that first time hed shown up at her
apartment.
Abby tried to appear calm when he called his in-laws, though
inside she was breaking. She made tea while they discussed
getting a special license that would enable them to fly into
Havana, though Tuckers twin was all over that.
Abby tried not to be resentful of the fact that Tuckers twin
was all over that.
But she was. She was resentful and hurt and scared as hell.
In the nearly twenty-four hours since Tucker had left with his
brother, shed only had one brief conversation with him. A quick
call to tell her that theyd secured the license they needed and
would fly to Montreal and then to Cuba.
Shed sat alone in the middle of their bed, holding the phone
so tightly that her knuckles were white.
You sound tired,
 shed said.
I am.
Silence.
Your brother is with you?
Yeah. Teagues here and so is Jack, thank God.
More silence. It was the silence that spoke volumes. The
silence that was filled with heavy things. It was the silence that
she hated and the silence that scared her the most.
Okay,
 shed managed to say. Call me when youwhen
I will. Ill call you when I know.
Her throat had closed up and even if by some miracle, she
could speak, at that moment she had nothing. She had nothing
but a boatload of words that she couldnt articulate and a
truckload of fear pressing into her chest.
Abby, things will be okay. I hate that you have to go through
this, but I promise youIIshit. I dont know what Im trying
to say.
What? Say it! Please, oh God please say it
Its okay. But it wasnt okay. God, it was so not okay.
I have to go, Abby. Our charter is ready.
Click.
I love you,
 shed whispered.
A KNOCK at the door brought Abby out of the funk that had settled
over her the night before. Shed barely slept. Had crawled into
bed, snuggled into Tuckers pillow, chest tight as she inhaled his
scent.
After a while, shed given up and tried the sofa but again
sleep had pretty much alluded her. All she could think about was
Marley. And Tucker. Marley and Tucker. Where the hell did Abby
figure into all of that?
She thought about it until her nerves were so shot, until her
body trembled so badly, that she ran to the bathroom and was
sick. Never had she felt so alone. So pathetic and helpless and
justalone.
Maybe I should have let Lisa stay.
Again the knock sounded and sliding off the sofa, Abby
tugged her bathrobe together and swung open the door, thinking
it most likely was Lisa or one of her brothers.
It wasnt Lisa. Or any one of her brothers.
You look like you need a drink. Cooper Simon held aloft an
amber bottle and winked, his blue eyes electric as he gazed down
at her. Good thing I was in the neighborhood.
Abby shook her head and winced. Every part of her ached.
Youre crazy. Its not even noon yet.
But its sure as hell four oclock somewhere.
Thats lame,
 she shot back.
True, but its all I got. Coopers eyes softened. And darlin
you need something stronger than coffee right about now. So are
you going to let me in or what?
Abby hadnt seen Cooper since Christmas Eve in Florida, and
as much as he pushed a lot of her buttons, there was something
sweet and lost about him. This man had been hurt. This man
knew what was going on inside her.
Are you going to promise to just be normal? No jokes. No
innuendos. And if you try and grab my ass
Cooper pushed his way past her, dropping a quick kiss onto
her cheek. Seriously. Youre taking all the fun out of this.
Abby closed the door behind her. I mean it, Cooper. Im not
up to it.
Cooper tossed his coat over the sofa and set down what
looked to be a very expensive bottle of scotch on the table in the
kitchen.
Glen Livet? she asked moving toward him.
Is there anything else? He arched an eyebrow. Neat or
over ice?
Ice please. Abby settled on one of the stools and when
Cooper was done pouring their drinks, raised her glass and had
her first bit of nourishment for the day. She let the liquid burn
down her throat, liking that it melted away the numbness.
After taking a second drink, she set the tumbler back down
and glanced up at Cooper.
His eyes were intense, his mouth set tight.
How are you doing, kid?
Abby wasnt sure what it was. The tone of his voice. The look
in his eyes. The fact that she was functioning on less than three
hours sleep or the fact that her heart was so bruised it hurt. Who
knew?
All she did know was that the ball of fear inside her suddenly
expanded. It retracted and then split wide open.
And then came the tears. Oh God, the tears. It was an ugly cry.
Cooper had her in his arms, face pressed to his chest before
the first teardrop slid off her face. He held her for what seemed
like hours and when she was done, her face was swollen, and her
voice was hoarse.
Shed told Cooper pretty much everything. Her feelings. Her
love for Tucker. And her fear of losing him. She even told Cooper
that one thing she hadnt shared with anybodynot even her
best friend, Lisa.
Cooper now knew that those three little words had never been
uttered. And he knew how scared she was.
Eventually, she pulled herself together and moved out of his
embrace. She should have been embarrassed. Abby didnt do the
big, epic breakdown. It just wasnt her.
But she wasnt. Abby was justempty.
Why dont you take a shower,
 Cooper said. Im going to
whip us up something that goes with Scotch and well get drunk.
Sound good?
Abby slid off the stool and took a step toward her bedroom.
Why are you here, Cooper?
I had nowhere else to be.
A ghost of a smile lit up Abbys face. Bullshit.
The guy ran a successful software company that produced
some of the most innovative games out there. Hed taken over
his fathers dying company, a move many thought would pound
in the last nail of the coffin so to speak. But from what Tucker
had told Abby, Cooper had surprised them all.
Sure the guy still lived in the fast lane when it came to his
personal life, but when it came to business? He had the steel
backbone that the Simon family was known for. Hed doubled
and then tripled his business within five years, bringing to the
masses innovative video games focused on the military and
science fiction. He married Hollywood and the gamer
community.
So yeah, Abby knew he was busy as hell, especially with
Comic-Con coming up in a few months.
You cant call bullshit.
Sure I can. She headed for her bedroom. But Cooper?
Yeah?
Im glad youre here.
H
25
avana seemed like an oven compared to the frigid New York
hed left behind, and yet Tucker was cold as hell.
He was cold, tired, and he couldnt stop thinking about Abby.
About the fear hed seen in her eyes and the anxiety in her voice.
About all the unfinished things between them. The things he
needed to face.
The things he needed to say.
And Marley. God, his head was so screwed up right now. How
did he even process the idea that she might be alive? That after
all this time, shed been here in Cuba? How the hell did that
happen? Where was the rest of her crew? Alex her research
partner. Gabe the pilot.
Were almost there.
He nodded to his brother Teague and clenched his hands,
rolling his shoulders a bit because they were tight as hell. Seated
in the back of a van, Jack was on the other side of him and in the
seats ahead were Marleys parents.
It has to be her,
 Kate Danvers whispered fiercely, turning
around, eyes watery and so full of hope.
Tucker didnt know what to say, so he just nodded and
glanced away. He wanted it to be MarleyChrist there was a
time when that thought consumed him. And yet there was a part
of him that was scared shitless at the thought.
He gave himself a mental shake. He wasnt going there. Not
now. Not until he knew for sure. And yet the guilt inside him
pressed hard, making it tough to focus and breathe, but it was so
goddamn hard because he was afraid of losing everything.
He loved Marleys parents. Of that there was no question. But
the Abby factor was pretty much front and center. It was the
elephant in the room, and Kate had already tried to bring it up.
While they were waiting in Montreal for their flight, shed
quietly asked him what his feelings were for Abby. Hed politely
told her that he didnt want to discuss Abigail with her, and that
he hoped she would understand.
Youll have to make a choice,
 she said, voice small and
shaky.
Tucker had shut down that conversation before it began. In
his mind, there was no point until they knew the truth.
The van came to an abrupt halt, and he exhaled. Tucker
glanced outside, eyes shielded from the sun by a pair of aviators.
He saw some photographers milling about, but it was nothing
like it would have been, had this been in the United States. The
paparazzi would have been insane.
For one brief moment, he thought of Abby. Of the paparazzi
who were no doubt circling The Essex House like a bunch of
vultures. But hed heard from Coop, and he knew his cousin was
with her.
Cooper would look after her until he got back.
You ready to do this? Jack asked quietly, yanking on his ball
cap, pulling it low over his eyes.
Tucker cleared his throat. Lets go.
They stepped out of the van and a middle aged man
approached them. Wearing business casual clothes, his bald
head shone under the sun and he smiled hesitantly, offering his
hand to Tucker.
Good afternoon, Mr. Simon. Im Romero Sanchez, the
administrator of this hospital. Weve been expecting you.
The mans English was perfect and his eyes kind. He nodded
to Tuckers brothers and then shook Jason Danvers hand before
taking a step back and motioning toward the entrance. Please
follow me.
Like everything else in Havana, the hospital was a little rough
around the edges, worn but in a comfortable sort of way, with a
hint of an era long gone. The palm trees and colorful paintings
brightened up the place, and overhead large fans slowly turned,
stirring the air.
Their somber group trailed behind Mr. Sanchez, and a few
minutes later, they found themselves gathered in what looked
like a conference room. As soon as the door closed behind them,
Marleys mother nearly rushed the man. When can I see my
daughter? Please. You have to let us see her.
The woman was running low on fuel, and Tucker knew she
was going to lose it if things werent sorted out soon.
Mr. Sanchez patted her hand. I understand. But there are
some things we need to do before that can happen. Procedures as
it were. He glanced over to Tucker. We havent made a positive
ID yet.
Kate tugged on his arm and her desperation was palpable.
But I dontwe were told she was here. I need to see her.
Please,
 Mr. Sanchez said kindly. Let us get everything in a
rowHow do you Americans say? Our ducks so to spea,k and
then you can see her. I promise you Mrs. Danvers, we are
wanting to make sure that everything is in order. Now if the
husband can follow me, well take care of a few of those things,
and then we can proceed.
Tucker waited, his face set in stone, his expression blank. But
inside. Christ inside, his body was raging. He was all kinds of
fear and frustration, and he just wanted to get this done and over
with. He thought of Abby, but almost immediately pushed it
away. He couldnt go there right now.
Not yet.
Can I get any of you coffee or tea? Mr. Sanchez asked.
No,
 Jack said, stepping forward. Maybe some water?
Of course. I will have some brought to you. Mr. Sanchez
turned to Tucker. Lets go, yes?
They walked in silence and took an elevator up and exited on
the fourth floor. Is she here? Tucker asked.
PLEASE COME,
 Sanchez said, and Tucker could do nothing but
follow in the mans footsteps, aware that were many eyes on
him.
Mr. Sanchez stopped at a door several feet from the nurses
station and gave a quick knock before entering, gesturing for
Tucker to follow. It was a small room with dull grey on the walls
and a large fake palm tree in the corner. A framed photo of a boat
was the only splash of color in the room.
Behind the desk sat a man, eyes glued to a computer screen.
Large wire-framed glasses magnified his eyes, but with his thick
dark hair, Tucker was guessing he wasnt much older than
himself.
When Tucker entered the office, the man pushed back out of
his seat and hastily made his way around the desk to shake
Tuckers hand.
Mr. Simon. Im Doctor Garcia. I have some things that I need
you to look at.
Tucker waited while the doctor opened a cabinet beneath the
window and retrieved a plastic bag. Carefully, he opened it and
laid out the items on his desk.
Do these belong to your wife?
Tucker moved closer, mouth clamped together so tight that
pain radiated up his jaw.
There was a navy satchel, a bit worn around the edges with a
broken clasp, and a long strap that was frayed. There was pink
brush, missing some of its teeth, and still holding on to a few
long strands of blond hair. A tube of clear lip gloss. A box of
tissues. A box of surgical gloves. And a battered, worn-out, black
leather wallet.
And a long, thin gold chain from which dangled a platinum
wedding band. It was plain. Unassuming. Kind of like its owner.
The sight of it made his blood run cold.
Unbelievable,
 he whispered moving closer.
The wallet was open and the ID plain and visible. Marley
stared back at him, her DMV photo unsmiling, which was pretty
much what his looked like. Hell, they used to joke that she
looked like a prisoner of war and that he looked like a terrorist.
Jesus. Christ. This was Marleys.
Where is she? His voice was harsh as he looked up at the
men. Where is my wife?
Mr. Sanchez spoke, his voice calm and reassuring. So you
can confirm that these are your wifes belongings?
Tucker shook his head. Yes. But I dont understand. Christ,
that was an understatement. None of this makes sense. Where
is she and what the hell happened to her? Where are the people
that she was with? Wheres the goddamn plane?
Mr. Simon. It was Sanchez speaking now. Your wife came
to us less than a week ago. She was hit by a vehicle here in
Havana and brought in. Unconscious, with multiple injuries. We
were only able to ID her because of these items.
None of what he was hearing made any kind of sense. I need
to see her. He tried to push past Mr. Sanchez, but the doctors
words stopped him.
Mr. Simon. Your wife has had some serious trauma. You
must be prepared.
What kind of trauma?
There was some swelling on the brain, so we had to cut into
her skull to alleviate the pressure. Weve put her in a protective
coma, aa drug induced coma, and we are very excited at how
shes responding. The swelling has gone down, and we feel that
we will be able to bring her out of this coma state very soon,
but
This was killing him. But?
The doctor moved toward the door. Come with me. But
please be prepared. There is swelling and bruising and bandages

I understand,
 Tucker interrupted.
He followed the men up one more flight of stairs to the ICU,
and they didnt stop until they reached the last room at the end
of a narrow hall. Mr. Sanchez nodded. Please. You can go.
Tucker didnt wait. He pushed open the door and nodded to
the nurse near the bed. She glanced behind him and then moved
out of the way, disappearing into the hall and leaving him alone.
Tucker stared at the woman on the bed. God, she looked so
small. So alone. He stared at her for so long that his eyes burned.
He should feel something. Something. Shouldnt he?
Slowly, he made his way closer, noticing the tube in her arm
and a long thicker tube in her mouth. Beside her were several
machines, one that allowed her to breathe and one that
monitored her heart rateor maybe her brainwaves.
Shit, did any of that matter?
Tucker took that last step until he was standing over the bed
and for a moment, he closed his eyes, breathing out heavily as
his brain caught up to what his eyes could see.
Part of her head was heavily bandaged, while the other part of
her skull had been shaved and cut open. The bruising along her
jaw and neck was pretty graphic, and her nose was broken as
well. The swelling still pretty substantial.
On first glance, Tucker couldnt tell if this was Marley or not.
And why the hell wasnt he feeling something? Some spark?
What the hell was wrong with him?
Running his hands through stubble on his jaw he spoke.
Marley.
Just one word. One word that echoed in the room and sounded
so loud that he glanced around.
Tucker stood there for so long that his legs began to cramp.
The doctor finally came in, his eyes gentle as he reached for the
chart at the end of the bed. Beside him, the nurse moved to the
other side of the bed and gingerly lifted Marleys hand so that
she could re-arrange the
Wait.
Tucker leaned in closer, his heart starting to pound and roar
in his ears. Hold on,
 he said to the startled nurse. Moving
around the bed so that he could stand beside her, he glanced
down at the limp hand and he didnt know what he felt. He only
knew that
This isnt my wife.
Shaking his head, he looked at the doctor. Please. This isnt
mythis isnt Marley.
Sir,
 the doctor began, his voice still calm. I know its a
shock for you to see her like this, but I promise as soon as we
bring her out of the coma
No you dont understand. Tucker moved back. My wife
had a tattoo on her ring finger. It was a joke really, but it was
there.
The doctor and the nurse watched him intently and he knew
they were probably wondering if he was finally losing it.
You dont understand. Marleys job was.it could be messy.
She worked with marine animals and most of the time, she
didnt wear her wedding ring while working. She wore her ring
on a chain. I used to bug her about it, and one day she surprised
me with this tattoo on her ring finger. Said that no one would
ever think she didnt belong to me.
Tucker paused as that memory washed over him and finally
something sparked inside him. Deep, wrenching, sadness.
This woman isnt Marley. He pointed to her hand. Theres
no tattoo. It was pretty damn intricate and even if she had it
removed, which she wouldnt, there would be something there
some un-perfect piece of that tattoo. Its justIts not her.
I see,
 the doctor said slowly.
Fuck if I do,
 Tucker replied, more frustrated than ever. I
dont understand any of this.
Kate and Jason were going to be devastated all over again.
With a ragged breath, he shook his head. Who is this woman
and how the hell did she end up with Marleys stuff?
B
26
y six oclock, Abby was going crazy.
Lets go to The Black Dog,
 she said to Cooper. Theyd
played two games of scrabble, a round of Would You Rather (and
lord, the things that Cooper Simon would rather do). Wow.
And right about now, she was going to climb the goddamn
walls. Abby pulled out her cell for what had to be the twentieth
time and felt that now familiar pain in her heart. There was
nothing. No text message and no missed call.
Hell call,
 Cooper said.
Abby glanced up. They were on the sofa, staring out across the
darkness that coated Central Park like a blanket. Overhead, stars
shone in a clear sky and in the distance, the lights of the city
twinkled.
I know.
But she didnt know. Abby was scared shitless, and right now
she didnt know anything. It was driving her crazy.
Eden and Noah had called earlierthey were coming to New
York tomorrowbut again, they knew nothing other than what
Abby already knew. That Tucker had landed in Havana with his
brothers and Marleys parents.
That was hours ago.
She reached for the remote.
Dont do it, Abigail,
 Cooper made a grab for it, but she
jumped up, hit the power button and held her breath when the
news channel erupted onto the screen.
Oh God,
 Abby wailed. But what had she expected? The
Tucker Simon Missing Wife Saga as it was being called, was
headline news.
Abbys photo was plastered across the television. She blinked
her eyes, hating the sight of such a private moment caught on
film, but it did nothing. The image didnt magically disappear.
She saw her red coat. Her red boots. Her special Valentines
Day outfit. The one shed put together for what was supposed to
be a special night. Had it been only a few days?
Someone had snapped the photo when shed arrived in the
lobby of the hotel. When Tucker had turned to her and scooped
her up into his arms. She couldnt see his face, but oh, the pain
on hers was unmistakable and Abby felt all those emotions all
over again.
Her throat closed up and she couldnt swallow.
The news anchor was talkingAbby had the television on
muteand then Abbys photo disappeared, replaced with a
smiling shot of Tucker and Marley on their wedding day.
It was a beautiful picture, and it crushed Abbys heart.
Oh, God. I cant do this.
She was about to turn away when new footage appeared.
Footage she was hungry for, and instead, she clutched the
remote to her chest, biting her bottom lip in an effort to quiet
the pain she felt as she watched grainy video of Tucker exiting a
van, accompanied by Jack, Teague, and Marleys parents.
God, he looked so damn tiredeven with his aviators on, she
could tell. It was in the way his mouth was tightthe way he
kept rubbing his chin and tugging on the long ends of his hair.
Oh, Tucker,
 she murmured, near tears. She wanted to be
there with him. God, how she needed to touch him.
Hey,
 Cooper said quietly. Give me that.
Abby let him take the remote, though her fingers shook so
badly she was barely able to hand it off. She turned away from
the television, once more eyes drawn to the blackness outside.
So,
 Cooper said. Your family bar sounds pretty damn good
right about now. Lets go.
She shrugged and didnt say anything, because she wasnt
sure she could talk. Abby wanted to crawl into bed and cry her
eyes out. She wanted to bury her nose in the sheets and inhale
Tuckers scent. Maybe then she would feel close to him. Maybe
then she could feel some kind of peace.
I think you should make me a drink,
 he said.
Cooper, I dont know.
I do,
 he said. A Mathews special.
She thought back to the wedding. To that first time she met
him and a small smile crept over her face. A Martini?
Nah. Im more of a Slippery Nipple kind of guy.
Why am I not surprised? But thats a shooter.
Huh. He winked. Well, Id like a Slippery Nipple and then
you can give me some Sex on the Beach.
Sex on the Beach is hard to come by in New York City in the
middle of February, but I supposed we could try.
I appreciate that.
Abby exhaled a long shuddering breath and whispered.
Thanks for being here, Cooper.
He bowed his head. No problem.
Youre a good guy. You know that, right?
Dont be spreading that around.
Abby sighed. Why do you want people thinking youre a
dick? Why do you hide behind that?
Cooper was silent for a few moments, and then he shrugged.
When they think youre a dick, they usually assume youre
shallow as well. Dick and shallow kind of go hand in hand. Thats
a lot of layers of bullshit for someone to peel back, and most
people dont have the time.
Would that be so wrong, Cooper? To let someone in?
Cooper looked irritated, but for whatever reason, Abby wasnt
giving this up. I mean it Cooper. What are you afraid of?
He shrugged but said nothing.
Abby gave him a hug and whispered. One day some woman
is going to peel back those layers of bullshit and
And what?
And youre going let her.
Thats pretty damn optimistic,
 Cooper said.
I think its inevitable.
You know what I think is inevitable? Our date. You going to
take me to this famous Black Dog pub or what?
Abby glanced around the empty apartment. Everywhere she
looked, she saw Tucker. And as much as that made her feel closer
to him, it also was driving her bat shit crazy.
Okay,
 she conceded. Lets go.
Ten minutes later, they hopped in a taxi, both of them
avoiding the paparazzi waiting outside of The Essex House.
How are you doing, Miss?
Surprised, Abby glanced up at the taxi driver, smiling wanly
when she recognized him. His name was John and hed taken her
and Tucker out several times in the past.
Of course he knew who she was. Who Tucker was. And by
now, he sure as hell knew who Marley was.
His eyes were kind and his concern genuine.
Im fine, thank you.
Less than twenty minutes later, they pulled up outside of The
Black Dog. Shit,
 Cooper murmured, reaching into his jacket
for the fare.
Whats going on?
There are some photographers outside the bar. Are you sure
you want to go inside? I mean, it might get crazy if word gets out
that youre here.
Something fired off inside Abby. Something hot and pissed
off and fed up. Let them get crazy. I dont care. They havent
met my brother Mick and I can guarantee hes looking for an
excuse to let off some steam.
Cooper chuckled. Okay then.
They pushed past the crowd outside the bar and when one of
the photographers tried to follow them inside, Cooper, shoved
him back. While Abby wasnt exactly sure what Cooper said to
the guy, she knew it wasnt polite and it sure as hell wasnt nice.
The photographer backed off, and the rest milled around but
none of them tried to follow them inside the Black Dog.
The first face she saw when her eyes adjusted to the lighting
was Old Joe. His wrinkled, leathery face opened into a wide grin,
and she walked up to him, accepting his hug and the kiss on her
cheek.
Theres my girl,
 Old Joe said.
Hey,
 she murmured. Are these guys looking after you?
Theyre not as pretty to look at, but they keep my mug full.
Youre not on the schedule,
 Mick said, resting his hip
against the bar.
What can I say? she replied. I miss the place.
Mick and her younger brother Josh were behind the bar, while
Lisa was pouring draft for a customer. Lisa glanced up and
waved, mouthing,
Ill just be a second,
 before turning back to
the guys sitting in front of her.
Huh. Since when did Lisa sling beer at The Black Dog?
Besides, Im not here to work,
 Abby said, and then punched
Cooper in the chest. But I am here to make Coop a Slippery
Nipple. I promised him the full Mathews treatment.
Mick didnt bother glancing at Cooper. His dark eyes, so
intense and full of worry, settled on her.
Im glad youre here, Abs. I was coming over after my shift.
Abby slipped behind the bar. Now you dont have to.
Mick cracked a smile. No. I dont. He tossed her a rag and
then turned to Cooper, arms crossed over his chest. All business
and gruff. So, which one are you?
Cooper slid onto the only empty stool at the bar. Im the
asshole.
Huh,
 Mick said, while Abby tried to hide a smile. Good to
know.
The next few hours flew by and there, surrounded by her
friends and family, Abby was able to forget, if only for a little
while, just how sucktastic her life had become. She made Cooper
several Slippery Nipples and had more than a few herself. Sex on
the Beach was epic, and then they moved onto Margaritas.
By midnight she was flying high and feeling too damn good.
So good in fact at first she didnt feel her cell vibrate. More than
a little drunk, it took some doing to dig it out of her front pocket.
Abby stared at the name on the screen, blinking rapidly
because it was blurred.
Tucker.
Shit, were those tears?
Scrubbing at her face, she slid off the stoolnearly falling on
her ass and headed toward the stock room. It would be quiet in
there, and right now, she needed quiet. Right now she needed
sober, but she was working on that.
Abby! Her brother stared after her, his eyebrow raised in
question. Cooper swiveled around on his stool and Abby held the
cell up, mouthing,
Tucker.
They both nodded, and she hurried through the pool room,
not stopping until she closed the door behind her and shut out
the noise of the bar. She held the phone up to her ear and slid
down the wall until she was on the floor.
She was so scared her hands were shaking.
Hey,
 she said voice scratchy, like shed swallowed
sandpaper.
For a few scary seconds she couldnt hear anything, and then
he was there, in her head. She closed her eyes, felt his warmth
and he was right there beside her.
Miss Mathews,
 he said. You sound like shit.
Wiping away tears, Abby nodded, which was weird because it
wasnt as if he could see her. I know. Sorry. She paused. You
sound tired.
I am. Its been a long few days. Sorry I didnt call earlier, but
I justGod, theres so much going on here.
Dont apologize, Tucker. I know youre dealing with a lot. I
just wish I could help you.
Hearing your voice. It helps.
She sniffled but didnt reply because there was a goddamn log
stuck in her throat.
I dont know where to start,
 Tucker said slowly.
God, she just wanted to know. Sucking in a big gulp of air, she
tried to control her voice so that it wasnt so pathetic and shaky.
But it was no use. She was falling apart, and she couldnt get
anything out.
Abby, its not her. Its not Marley.
Oh God. She wrapped her arms around her knees, head
cocked to the side so that the cell stayed in place, and she could
hear him. Oh God,
 she said again, wincing at the sound of her
crazy voice falling like flat stones in the small, enclosed space.
God, she was going straight to hell, because her prayers had been
answered. Straight. To. Hell.
WhoHow didhow do you know?
Theres a lot to process and talk about and there are still a
lot of questions. I cant get into it right now because honestly I
have no idea whats going on. This womanshe had all of
Marleys ID. We dont know who she is or how she got Marleys
stuff or
Her heart dropped all the way to the bottom of her feet. So,
Marley could still be out there? Good. She sounded like she had
her shit together.
Abby, we just dont know. Were waiting for the doctors to
bring her out of this induced coma theyve placed her in. Were
hoping once shes conscious, well get some answers.
The knife in her heart twisted. It twisted hard and she had to
wait a few seconds until she could speak, and then she
whispered,
Okay.
Babe, I miss you so fucking much.
Oh, Tucker.
Look, I have to go, but I had to hear your voice, Abby or I was
going to go crazy. We have a lot of stuff to talk aboutshit,

Tuckers voice broke, and she knew he was hurtinghurting and
confused. A fresh batch of tears fell down her face.
Tucker, its all right. Go and deal with what you need to do
over there. You know where Ill be.
Jack and Marleys parents are returning to the US tomorrow.
Ill be here a few more days, until we figure this out. Teagues
sticking around. I know its a lot to take in, but Ill explain
everything when I see you.
Okay,
 she whispered in the dark. Tucker?
Yeah.
For a moment, she couldnt speak and then when the lump
cleared her throat, she said softly. I love you.
There was static. A buzzing in her ear.
And Abby wasnt sure if she was relieved or hurt that he
hadnt heard her. But then the static cleared and he was there
again. Right there beside her. His voice warm and full of
emotion.
I know, Abby. I just need you to hold on a bit longer and
thenand then I canIll see you soon.
And that was it.
Abby wasnt sure how long she stared into the darkness,
clutching her cell phone to her chest. But it was long enough for
her to know that nothing had changed. She was all in with this
man. She would fight for him. There was no other option.
There were so many questions, and she had no answers to any
of them. But there was one that she knew for certain. Even if the
words hadnt been spoken.
Tucker Simon loved Abby Mathews.
And thats what was going to get her through.
T
27
hree days later, Tucker was running on no sleep and way too
much coffee. He was wound up so tight that hed gone for a run
and hed kept on running. His half-an-hour jog turned into a
four-hour escape and by the time he returned to the hotel he and
Teague were staying at, he was exhausted.
It was the kind of bone-numbing exhaustion that sleep
couldnt fix. Hell, for all he knew, there was no fixing him.
He was beyond confused, anxious as hell for answers, and at
the same time, afraid to hear them.
Hed just entered the lobby of the shabby-looking place
theyd called home for the last few days when he spotted his
brother near the front desk. Teague was nodding to the manager,
and it looked as if they were having an intense conversation.
Pulling his T-shirt out of the back of his shorts, Tucker put it
on as he made his way over to them.
Mr. Simon,
 the manager said politely. I was just telling
your brother that we havent seen you since breakfast.
Teague whipped around, his face harsh. Where the hell have
you been?
Out for a run. Is that a goddamn crime?
You didnt take your cell.
Tucker wiped sweat from his brow, a sarcastic comment
bubbling up, but then he froze, stomach clenched.
Is sheis she talking?
Teague was already headed outside. Yeah, Tuck. Shes
awake. Shes finally conscious and talking, so get your ass in
gear.Were headed to the hospital.
Tucker followed his brother outside where a car was waiting,
and they rode to the hospital in silence. Hed been wanting this
moment to happen ever since hed arrived in Havana. But now
that he was so close, Tucker wasnt sure he was ready to face a
hard truth.
Or maybe nothing at all. Maybe this woman wouldnt have
any answers.
You ready for this? Teague asked when they pulled up to
the hospital. Mr. Sanchez was waiting for them, his face calm as
always.
Tucker sighed and ran his hand over the thick stubble on his
chin. Nope. I have the feeling that my life is about to change
again, and I have no idea if its headed in the direction that I
want it to.
He sank back into the seat and closed his eyes for a moment.
God, for the longest time, I wanted Marley alive and well and
home with me. It drove me crazy, you know? Thinking that she
was out there somewhere. That she needed me. That she was in
trouble, and I couldnt get to her.
His eyes flew open, and he turned to Teague. I bought the old
Blackheath place.
Teague didnt say anything at first, most likely because he
was thinking that Tucker was fucking crazy. The old Blackheath
place was a rundown Antebellum mansion up the coast, about an
hour from his parents place in Florida. The estate was in ruins
and had fallen a long way from its notorious beginnings. Built in
the 1800s by a pirate, John Le Black, it was home to his wife, a
woman of means herself and a lineage traced back to the court in
England.
It had been seized by the government in the early 19
th century
and at one time, had been used as a retirement home. But it had
fallen on tough times and even though considered a historical
estate, was in danger of being condemned.
When the hell did you do that? Teague asked.
About a year ago.
Let me rephrase. Why the hell did you buy that place? Thats
a money pit, if I ever saw one.
He shrugged. I dont know. I thought of maybe fixing it up. I
told myself Id done it because Marley was coming back, but
honestly, I have no idea why I plunked down all that cash.
Even to him, it sounded crazy. When I picture Blackheath, I
dont see Marley. Sometimes I cant even remember what she
looked like in the morning when she used to roll over and kiss
me. That was my favorite time of the day. But I dont remember
the details. Shouldnt I remember the details?
Teague said nothing, but he was there, and that was enough.
I dont think about her every day, and I feel like the biggest
asshole on the planet because of it.
Youre not an asshole,
 Teague said quietly. Youve just
learned to live again. Youve found someone else for Blackheath.
Theres nothing wrong with that. You just need to close this
chapter. You need to know what the hell happened so that you
can move on, and if by some miracle Marley is still out there,
youll deal with it. Ive got your back, bro.
It took a few seconds for Tucker to dislodge the giant freaking
lump in his throat. Thanks for being here. It means a lot.
Im just glad I was around when the shit hit. Teague opened
the door. Okay. We gonna do this?
Tucker followed his brother and Romero Sanchez down the
familiar halls. They took the elevator to the fourth floor and then
continued down the hallway until they paused just outside the
door.
Dr. Garcia met them and after they all shook hands, the
doctor motioned to the door. Shes doing well. A very strong
woman, and she wants very much to talk to you. Please, follow
me.
Ill wait out here,
 Teague said. If you need anything, just
give a shout.
Tucker didnt wait. He didnt stop to think. He just did.
He followed the doctor inside and strode toward the bed, all
focus on the woman whose pale blue eyes found him
immediately.
The doctor smiled gently and took her hand. This is Mr.
Simon. Hes come a long way to see you. Dr. Garcia repeated his
words in Spanish and then glanced over to Tucker. Her English
isnt that good, so I can help with the translating if thats all
right?
Tucker nodded. Where to start?
Can you ask her if she knows Marley. Has she ever seen
her?
The doctor spoke and the woman answered, her voice a little
rough from the breathing tube.
She says no.
Can you ask her how she ended up with Marleys things?
Heart pounding, Tucker listened while the doctor translated
and then again the woman spoke. This time her voice rose a bit,
and her blue eyes kept darting back and forth between the doctor
and Tucker.
The two of them spoke back and forth for what seemed like a
long time, and with each passing moment, Tuckers body
tightened. His hands were clenched to his side and his jaw was
clamped down so hard that his teeth hurt.
Okay,
 the doctor patted the womans hand before turning
to Tucker.
Maria says that she found the bag in her brothers home.
She was cleaning his house and came across the bag along with
some other things.
What other things? Alarmed, Tucker stepped closer and the
woman flinched. What the hell had happened?
A medical bag of some sort and some books. She apologizes
because she says her brother is a no good drunk. Hes a
fisherman who doesnt fish anymore, if you know what I mean.
She asked him about the items. He told her that he found them
floating in the water. He took the bag, found some American
money inside it, so he kept it.
Tucker let this process a bit, his stomach tight. He was cold as
hell, but sweating like a son-of-a-bitch and he didnt mind
admitting that he felt like puking.
Im sorry Mr. Simon, but it seems as if your wifes plane
went down somewhere close to Cuba and this man found some
of the wreckage. Maria knew these things were important, and
she was on her way to the Swiss Embassy where, as you know,
there is a United States interest office for communicating with
your country. Unfortunately, Maria was hit by a car on her way
there and ended up here. Im very sorry for your loss.
For a few moments, there was only silence and then Tucker
took that last step, reaching for her hand. Thank you,
 he said
quietly.
Her eyes filled with tears, and she slowly nodded.
He then turned to the doctor. Does she know where her
brother found the wreckage?
Tucker had no idea why Marleys plane was so far off course.
Their flight plan hadnt called for them to be anywhere near the
island of Cuba, but he was finally realizing he might not ever
know.
Doctor Garcia nodded. She says that she can give an
approximate location and maybe you will finally have all the
answers youve been needing.
Tucker slowly backed away from the bed and paused at the
door. Thank you for everything. Both you and Mr. Sanchez have
been great about all of this. Anything that this womanthat
Maria, needs. Let me know. I will cover any cost.
Thats very generous of you, but since our countries are still
not seeing eye-to-eye, that would be inappropriate. I will make
sure Maria is well looked after.
With one last handshake, Tucker walked out of the hospital
room.
Teague pushed off from the wall. Are we good?
Yeah,
 Tucker answered slowly. I think so.
The two men walked out of the hospital and not once did
either of them look back.
A
28
bby was just coming out of the kitchen when it happened.
It was nearly ten in the evening and gentle snow flakes fell
from a cloud-heavy February sky. Shed just handed Cooper a
Mathews special or as he liked to call it, Slippery Sex Drink,
and was on her way to the living room where Betty, Beau, Jack
and the rest of the Simon clan were gathered.
The door to the apartment opened, and her entire world froze.
Abby stopped midstride and nothing short of an earthquake
could have moved her. Her feet felt as if they were encased in
cement, cement that had seeped into her veins, slowly filling her
body with a heaviness that was painful.
She couldnt breathe, because it hurt too much.
Couldnt speak, because there were no words.
Couldnt move, because she had nowhere to go.
Abby could do nothing but stare back into the piercing brown
eyes that watched her from across the room.
Teague moved out from behind Tucker and placed their bags
on the floor, closing the door behind them as the entire room fell
into silence.
This reunion had been a long time coming. Those first few
days had turned into nearly two weeks, and now that Tucker was
here, only ten feet from her, Abby could do nothing but stare at
him like a complete idiot.
In her mind, she was already in his arms, but right here, right
now, she was frozen. Screaming inside. Happy. Scared. Angry.
Grateful.
Tuckers hair was lighter from his time in the sun, his skin
tanned. With a few days worth of stubble on his chin, he looked
dangerous and sexy and so much like home, that Abby wanted to
cry.
Tucker,
 his mother said, rising from the sofa.
Tuckers gaze didnt waver from Abby. He strode across the
room, his long legs eating up the space between them in less
time that it would take for Cooper to pound back his Mathews
Special.
Before Abby could react, his arms were around her, and she
was crushed to his chest. Oh God, his warmth. His flesh and
blood beneath her.
She still couldnt breathe. Or Speak. Or move.
She heard someone talkingTeague?
But then Tucker scooped her up into his arms without saying
a word to anyone, and headed for their bedroom. Abby buried her
nose in his neck and tried to keep it together, but every inch of
her was trembling.
Tucker kicked their bedroom door shut and then his hand was
on her face, his touch gentle.
Something finally turned on inside Abby, and her eyes flew
open.
I love you. Tuckers voice was rough, but there was no
mistaking the emotion that laced those words. His eyes held
hers prisoner. I love you, Abigail Mathews and Im sorry that I
waited so long to tell you.
That was it. Abby was done for. With those three little words,
Tucker had wrecked her.
Oh,
 she said, trying to bury her face in her hands. She was
overwhelmed. Overwrought. Wrecked.
Gently, he tugged her hands away.
He kissed her forehead and murmured,
I love you.
Then he sought out the corner of her eyes, his tongue
sweeping the edge and taking care of the tears that sat there. I
love you.
And then he claimed her mouth, a soft, gentle claiming that
was more of a caress. All of the emotion inside her bubbled to
the surface, and she made a strangled noise, her muscles
suddenly free as she moved in his arms. She needed to get as
close to Tucker as she could.
God, shed crawl inside him if it were possible. Bathe in his
spirit, live in his soul. She wanted this man on every single level
that existed.
He deepened the kiss, both hands sunk deep in her hair,
holding her in place as his lips and tongue connected them once
more. It was a soft, sensual kiss of welcome. A kiss of coming
home. A kiss of promises and a future.
And it was a kiss that said he belonged to her.
Hey,
 Tucker said when they finally came up for air. You
okay?
She brushed that long piece of hair off his forehead that
always seemed to creep down. Youre home. Youre home, so
yeah, Im good. She smiled, sniffling a bit when he wiped the
corner of her eyes again.
Sorry. Dont mean to ugly cry. I just she shook her head.
Its been a long few weeks, and I cant imagine what youve
been through.
Im so tired,
 he admitted. And I know Ive got a lot of stuff
to explain. Hell, I might not even be able to explain it all, but Ill
try.
Abby gently pushed back until she was kneeling on the floor
in front of him. Very carefully, she undid the laces on his Docs
and pulled off his boots, aware that his dark eyes were on her.
Next came his socks.
She stood, held her hand out and pulled him to his feet.
Youre family is in our living room,
 she said.
Yeah.
I should go and
No.
No? She couldnt help it. Some of the happiness in her
heart had found its way outside, and a small smile touched her
mouth.
Nope. He was already tugging his T-shirt over his head.
Were going to bed.
We are.
Yep. His hands were on the waistband of his jeans.
But what about
He smiled tiredly. Theyll figure it out, Miss Mathews.
His jeans were off, and he stretched, totally unmindful of how
amazing he looked in his black boxers and nothing else.
Its your turn,
 he said crowding her toward the bed. Ive
missed that hot little tattoo.
Abby undressed, down to her tank top and undies, but before
she could slide onto the bed, he stopped her, his hand on her
hip, yanking the top of her boy shorts down.
There it is,
 he said huskily, bending over and closing his
mouth over the small orange dragonfly that was there.
So fucking hot,
 he whispered against her skin. But babe?
He was pushing her onto the bed now.
Yes?
Sexytimes are gonna have to wait. Im dead tire,d and all I
want is to hold you so that I can finally fall asleep. God, I cant
remember the last time that I slept.
Abby slid up against him, her back to his chest, clutching his
arm where it rested just below her breasts. For the longest time,
she just held him, loving the feel of her man back in their bed,
and like a cat, she stretched into his warmth. Listened to the
slow, steady beat of his heart.
I love you.
Three little words that meant so much.
That sounds perfect,
 she murmured.
But he was already asleep.
ABBY WOKE UP MOANING, her body hot, Tucker already inside her.
Good morning, Miss Mathews,
 he rasped in her ear as he
slowly moved in and out, long thrusts that spread liquid heat.
Her back was still flush to his chest and his hands gently
massaged her nipples.
She was naked, clothes tossed who knows where, the covers
bunched up at their feet. Not surprisingly, she was totally okay
with that.
Good morning, Mr. Simon.
A slow, satisfied grin fell over her face as she began to move
in tandem with him. Shed missed sex a lot over the last few
weeks, but more than that, shed missed the feel of him beside
her in bed. Behind her. Against her. Inside her.
She missed the connection that only Tucker Simon gave her.
You feel so good,
 he said close to her ear. And she arched
her back, stretching her neck so that when she turned slightly,
she was able to nip at him.
So good,
 he groaned, thrusting in and out.
One of his hands slid down her stomach, long fingers trailing
over flesh that quivered. When he settled his hand between her
legs, she was ready. Angling her legs open slightly, she held her
breath when his fingers slid into her slickness, the rough pads
finding her clit almost immediately.
There she is,
 he said, rubbing her in a slow, torturous
motion.
Oh, Tucker.
She covered his hand with one of hers, pressing him into her
harder as their tempo increased.
Hold on, babe. I need this to last.
He bit her shoulder, a gentle nip, and then kissed his way
along her neck. I need to feel you,
 he whispered. I need to
love you.
Abby closed her eyes, fighting the tears she felt pooling in the
corners again. I want you to love me,
 she said softly as they
moved together.
Their bodies strained into each other, and Tucker held her as
if he was never letting go. His hands drove her crazy. His fingers
and tongue. His mouth was everywhere. And through it all, he
murmured over and over again, how much he loved her.
Tucker Simon loved Abigail Mathews with a fierceness shed
not felt before. But it was a fierceness that was to be embraced,
not one to fear.
His body fit into hers perfectly. Their rhythm could have been
a song.
And as Tucker made love to her that morning, so tenderly and
passionately that it brought tears to her eyes, she knew that this
was the true beginning for them. Tucker had finally let go of his
past. They had faced the darkness and won.
D
29
id you cancel the rest of my appointments?
Tucker popped his head into his assistants office on his way
back to his own. Hed just come out of a breakfast meeting and
was itching to get the hell out of there. It was the last Friday in
March, and he had places to go and one woman to see.
I did. And Ive transferred your ticket information to your
phone.
Thanks. I appreciate it.
Also, youve got company.
He glanced at his office door and tried not to groan. Who is
it?
Its uh Watching his assistant stumble over her words
and blush like a freaking school girl told Tucker one thing. His
visitor was a Simon.
Which one? he asked, trying not to laugh. She was one
hundred percent professional with any of the high profile
athletes who walked into the office. But when a Simon popped
by? She was all kinds of flustered.
She cleared her throat. Its um, Beau and,
 her blush
intensified. Jack.
Ah. So her Simon crush was Jack. Interesting.

Thanks. Why dont you knock off early, and remember I
wont be in until Wednesday next week, so anything thats
pressing is gonna have to wait.
Beau and Jack stood in front of his office window, gazing
down at the busy streets below. They were talking, but the voices
were so low Tucker couldnt hear a thing. Both of them were
dressed casual, though Beau was tanned, just back from a
vacation in the Bahamas with Betty Jo.
Nice surprise boys. I wasnt expecting to see you.
Both men turned around, and it was obvious that they hadnt
heard him come in.
Whats up? You got a premiere or something I forgot about?
he asked Beau. His mind was turning, already chugging ahead.
He had plans. And as much as he loved his family,
appreciated a visit from his brothers, Tucker wanted the hell out
of the city.
Nope,
 Beau replied. I flew in because Ive got something
to ask you and Jack here,
 he poked their older brother. Well,
hes got his own shit storm to deal with and was looking to get
away.
That got Tuckers interest. Shit storm, huh? What did you
do? Walk across Moniques white carpet with muddy shoes?
Accidentally drown that sorry excuse that she calls a dog?
Jack scowled. Watch it. That sorry excuse of a dog belongs to
me.
Tucker glanced over at Beau, but Beau was trying real hard not
to laugh.
I dont get it,
 Tucker said. He had a feeling this was gonna
be good.
Monique and Jack are no longer a couple. That was Beau
and now Jacks scowl was reaching epic proportions.
Okay,
 Tucker replied. But I still dont get it.
Apparently our brother here,
 Beau poked Jack again.
Watch it, pretty boy,
 Jack warned.
Beau chuckled. Our Jack here was caught leaving a night club
in Miami.
Huh. Tuckers eyes were on Jack. His oldest brother wasnt
exactly the club type.
And? Tucker asked.
At three in the morning,
 Beau continued, his grin nearly as
big as Jacks scowl. Looking like crap with his shirt unbuttoned,
tie undone and accompanied by none other than Donovan
James.
No. Shit.
Jack shoved his hands into his front pockets. Dont ask,

was all he said.
I cant help it,
 Tucker laughed. I gotta ask.
Dont,
 Jack bit out.
Where the hell does the dog figure into all of this?
Jack stared at him, mouth half open, and then he shrugged.
That is a long story.
I bet,
 Tucker replied. Look Id be all over the family
drama, but guys, Im heading out of town with Abby.
Blackheath? Jack asked.
Tucker nodded. Its time.
For a few moments, all three brothers were quiet and then
Beau spoke quietly. Im glad for you, Tuck. Shes a lucky girl.
Something shifted between the three of them. Some
understanding that things in the past, things now finished, were
finally gone and buried. These guys had seen Tucker through a
lot. God, Jack had done his damnedest to facilitate a quick
recovery of the wreckage.
The media frenzy and subsequent mania had died down, but
not until a painful goodbye. All three members of Marleys team,
including Marley, had been found. No one knew why they were
so far from where they were supposed to be. Was it pilot error?
Mechanical error?
Those were questions that would remain unanswered.
Beau slapped him on the shoulders. So, the reason Im
here. He cleared his throat. Im getting married, and I want
you up there with me.
Married.
Beau nodded. Yep.
To who? Tucker asked with a chuckle.
Funny,
 Beau replied.
Tucker embraced his brother. Im there. Whens the big
day?
I wanted to tie the knot when we were in the Bahamas, but
shes insisting it be a family thing, and since shes got a film to
shoot and Im producing another after that, looks like it will be a
winter wedding. Were hoping before the end of the year.
Sounds good,
 Tucker said. Im really happy for you bro. Id
go and have a drink to celebrate but
Yeah, we know. Tell Abby I said hello.
Will do. He glanced over to Jack. So, Donovan James?
Its nothing. The papers will make a big deal out of
nothing.
Tucker didnt say anything, but he recognized the look in his
brothers eyes. He had a feeling Jacks life was about to get a
whole lot complicated.
But he wasnt going to worry about it right now. Right now,
he needed to see his woman in the worst way possible.
Blackheath. What the hell was she going to say to that?
Tucker said his goodbyes, told his brothers to let themselves
out of his office and less than five minutes later, he was outside
hailing a taxi.
Guess he was going to find out.
O
30
ld Joe leaned over the bar. Your boyfriend is here.
Abby glanced up and watched the sexiest man she knew walk
into the bar. Just like that, her heart took off, and she just took
the time to watch him. He strode through the bar with the
confidence of a man who was in charge. A man who knew where
he was going and what he wanted.
A man who was used to being in the public eye and didnt give
a crap. Which, was something Abby was still getting used to. Or
at least trying to get used to. But America sure as hell loved the
Simons and there was always one of them in the news.
She thought back to the piece that had just run on the TV a
few minutes ago, and she was relieved because it looked like, at
least for the time being, it was going to be Jacks turn.
Tucker had changed and was in jeans and leather.
Thats a good look for you,
 she said, voice a little husky
when he bent over the bar and kissed her.
A few wolf whistles erupted around them, but she didnt care
and neither did Tucker. He kissed her for so long that her insides
turned to mush, and if they werent in the middle of The Black
Dog, she would have had him naked and inside. Thats how
intense her need was for this man.
Guys,
 Mick said roughly. This is a public bar. Can you save
that shit for later?
Tucker slowly let her go and nodded to her brother. You have
her stuff?
Wait. What?
She glanced at her brother, but Mick was handing over a large
bag. Her bag. Her travel bag.
Where did you get that?
I dropped it off last night,
 Tucker said.
Okay,
 Abby replied, not understanding.
You have her shifts covered?
Whats going on? she asked. But Mick was edging her out.
Heres your jacket,
 he said, giving her a quick kiss before
turning back to Tucker. Ive got it covered.
Good.
No,
 Abby said. This isnt good. I dont like surprises. What
the hell is going on?
Come on, Miss Mathews.
Where are we going?
I guess youll find out when we get there. Tucker nodded to
Mick. Thanks for everything.
You just take care of my sister.
I plan on it.
Mick? she asked, taking a step toward the door.
Just go, Abigail. Be happy.
Something in the tone of his voice brought her up, and she
slipped out of Tuckers grasp, running back to her brother and
hugging him fiercely. I love you,
 she whispered.
Ditto.
She turned around, and Tucker grabbed her hand, leading her
outside, her bag thrown over his shoulder.
It reminded her of another time. That first time shed gone
away with him. And she let the warmth of those memories wash
over her. They kept her company all the way to the airport where
she finally found out their destination.
Florida.
Tucker was being way too mysterious, but she loved this side
of him and didnt press the matter even though she was dying to
know what all the secrecy was about. Her first thought was that
they were visiting his parents, but then she was pretty sure they
were still in Europe.
At one point, she opened her mouth to ask a question, and he
pressed his lips to hers, kissing her senseless.
Thats sneaky,
 she said, out of breath.
I know.
This is killing me.
He grinned. I know that too. And then he held her hand
until they landed in Miami where a car was waiting for them.
Not much longer,
 Tucker said as they settled in the back.
Were headed toward the Keys.
Thats not a lot of information, Mr. Simon.
I know.
She rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes,
deciding to just go with it and enjoy the fact that they were
together.
Abby must have dozed off because Tucker shook her, and she
came awake with a start.
Hey,
 he said in her ear, dropping a kiss on her nose. Were
here.
It was late afternoon and the sun was low in the sky. Abby
stretched and glanced out the window, but all she saw were
overgrown trees.
Where are we?
Tucker tugged on her hand and after instructing the driver to
wait, he opened the car door and waited for her to join him.
Something was up. Something big. She could see it in his
eyes.
Abby,
 he said quietly.
Tucker bent down and kissed her so sweetly, his mouth so
gentle and so giving, that like the emotional baby shed been
lately, tears immediately sprang to her eyes.
Hey,
 he said pulling away. Dont cry.
Something about the tone of his voice and the look in his eyes
pulled at all sorts of stuff inside her.
I cant help it. Whats going on, Tucker?
They were leaning against the car, and she had no idea what
the driver was thinking, but at the moment, she didnt care. She
could have been standing there buck naked with a basket of
bananas on her head, and she wouldnt have cared.
Something important was about to happen. She could feel it.
I love you. You know this.
She nodded, but didnt speak.
I want us to be together.
Again she nodded, though she frowned. They were sharing an
apartment. They lived together.
This here,
 he motioned in the air around him. This place
is called Blackheath. Its kind of infamous around this area you
know, considering the house was built by a pirate.
A pirate?
He grinned, and that flash of the young boy he must have
been made her want to hug and kiss him silly.
Yeah. A pirate.
I still dont understand.
His hand slid to hers once more, and he pulled her away from
the car, leading her a few feet away. And then he turned her
around. And Abbys mouth fell open.
Several hundred feet away stood an old antebellum mansion,
though from her first quick glance, it looked in need of some
serious love and attention.
Its beautiful,
 she whispered, the artist in her visualizing
what it was. What it could be.
Come on.
Tucker led her down an overgrown path that led to the house,
and when they got closer, she saw that the windows were all
broken and missing, the paint was peeling and the general
condition was much worse than shed originally thought.
Its amazing, Tucker. She turned to him. But I dont
understand what were doing here.
I grew up in Florida, and no matter where I am, it will always
be home. I only moved to New York to
Her heart turned over.
I moved to New York to get away from the memories, and for
the most part, it worked. I think for a while there, I needed to get
away. Needed to put some distance between myself and
everything that Florida represented to me. But
He glanced away, and for the first time, a bit of fear took hold.
But? Abby prodded, suddenly desperate to know where all
of this was going.
Its time for me to come back. He gestured toward the
house. I bought Blackheath last year. Just before I met you. It
was a spur of the moment thing, and I didnt tell anyone because
I was pretty sure my family would have thought Id gone off the
deep end. He chuckled. Hell, for the longest time, I thought
Id gone off the deep end. But then I met you, and things got
better.
He put his hands on her shoulders and gazed into her eyes so
intently that Abby felt as if he could see into her soul.
The thing of it is, I didnt know until recently that I bought
this place for a reason. This is my future, Abigail, and I guess Im
hoping that
His hands crept up to either side of her face, and he cradled
her, his eyes never wavering. Im hoping that youll consider
sharing this future with me.
What areyouwhat do you mean exactly?
Oh God. Think Abby. Think.
I love you Abigail Mathews, and I want to grow old with you.
I want to watch you paint. I want to watch you sleep. I want to
watch your belly grow large with our kids. I want a family. I want
a dog. Hell, Id even consider a cat, because I know you like the
one in the office. For you, Id do anything. He shrugged.
Thats all I got. I want you, and I think that this could be our
home.
Abbys heart was so close to busting wide open, it was crazy.
She was so full of love for this man that someone could have
chopped one of her limbs off and she wouldnt have known.
She was so crazy in love with Tucker that to actually hear
those wordswords that told her that he was in the exact same
place that she waswell, it was pretty overwhelming.
She leaned into him, suddenly weak in the knees and feeling
like an idiot because of it.
Abby,
 Tucker whispered, holding her close. Say
something. Will you move here with me? I know it might be hard
to move away from your brothers. From your family, but I
promise wed see them. Can this be our place?
She got her shit together and sniffling, looked up at him and
nodded. Well then, Mr. Simon. I guess Im going to need a hell
of a lot more than the bag we brought.
The grin that spread across Tuckers face was priceless, and
he bent low to kiss her. About that bag.
Hmm? she murmured content to stay this way forever.
Weve got to head back to the airport.
She whipped her head up. Why?
This was just a pit stop. Our real trip is only beginning. We
never made it to Costa Rica and uh, I dont know about you, but
Ive been dreaming of five days of sun, beach, no one else around
and more sex than I can handle.
Five days,
 she said with giggle, thinking that her bag was
way too small for that long of a getaway. What the hell is in my
bag?
I threw some stuff in.
Stuff.
He nodded, leading her back toward the car. Shampoo, a
dress. You know that little black one with the slit that makes me
crazy. Maybe a bathing suit.
Thats it?
Were going to be alone, lady, and last I heard, tan lines
arent in.
What are we going to do for five days? she said lightly, as
she slid inside the car, her eyes behind him on the house that
would one day be her home.
I was thinking the trifecta.
That sounds impressive.
It is. Sand. Sun. Sex. Tucker scooped her into his arms and
held her as the car sped away from Blackheath, heading back to
the airport. Its called the S trifecta.
You just made that up.
Do you care?
No.
He nipped her ear. You in?
Totally.
Then when were bored of the S trifecta
Ha! Like that will happen.
Let me rephrase. When we get a moment. His mouth was
on her throat. You know some downtime.
When you need to rest.
Yeah. When I need to recharge my batteries well start
planning a future.
Abby settled back against his chest. That sounds perfect.
Yeah,
 Tucker murmured. It does.
The End
VOLUME TWO
PART I
JACK
THE FAMILY SIMON
Copyright  2014 Juliana Stone
All rights reserved.
ISBN-13:
Cover art and design by Patricia Schmitt/Pickyme
http://pickymeartist.com
Copy editing by Jena OConnor
http://practicalproofing.com
E-book Formatting: Jessica Lewis, Authors Life Saver
http://authorslifesaver.com
This book is a work of fiction. References to real people, events, establishments,
organizations, or locations are intended only to provide a sense of authenticity, and
are used fictitiously. All other characters, and all incidents and dialogue, are drawn
from the authors imagination and are not to be construed as real
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any printed or
electronic form without permission. Please do not participate in encouraging piracy of
copyrighted materials in violation with the authors rights. Purchase only authorized
editions.
For permission to use any part of the material in this book, contact Juliana at,
mailto:juliana@julianastone.com
I
1
f Jack Simon was a betting man, hed lay money down on the
fact that tonight wasnt going to end well. Hell, if he could go
back in time hed be up for a do-over, because about two
minutes after hed opened his eyes, his day had pretty much
gone into the toilet.
For starters, his roommate (a fluff ball named Coco who
weighed less than a small cat) decided to crap on the floor
instead of waiting to be let outside. Hed inherited the dog after a
nasty break-up with his ex, and damned if the little guy didnt
do everything in his power to piss Jack off. He supposed the dog
had a right to be a pain in the ass, what with being male and
having a name like Coco, but still.
After dealing with that mess, Jack had gone for an early
morning jog, and hed somehow managed to twist his ankle on a
piece of driftwood. Seriously. Driftwood.
Hed hobbled back to his placecursing the entire time
because what kind of moron runs over driftwood on a near empty
beachonly to find that the little turd, Coco, had somehow
managed to open the patio door and was gone.
Now another guy might have let it go. Closed the door and
forgotten about a dog who, according to Jacks way of seeing
things, wasnt worth the aggravation. But Jack Simon had a
conscience, and even though he and Coco didnt see eye to eye
most days, he couldnt leave the dog outside to fend for himself.
Christ a goddamn eagle could fly away with him.
He found Coco hiding underneath the porch of a neighboring
beach house, the one owned by a crotchety old lady named Ella.
The woman was grumpier than his uncle Bellamy, and that was
saying something. Not only was she a staunch Republican who
disliked pretty much everything that Jack stood for, she also
liked to gossip, and shed been riding Jack about Donovan James
for months.
Seems Ella had always been a fan of the singer and was
mighty excited about the prospect of Jack and Donovan
reuniting. Photos of Jack and Donovan had surfaced a few
months back, and shed been riding his ass ever since.
Ella: So when are you going to up and marry that girl?
Jack: When I do, youll be the first to know (sarcasm drenched
retort).
Ella: Dont be smart with me, Mr. Im-so-handsome-ithurts-to-look-in-the-mirror.
Jack: Aw, Miss Ella, youre making me blush.
Ella: Only women blush. Are you a pansy or what?
By the time Jack returned to his own beach house with Coco
he was severely behind schedule. Something his mother had
been more than happy to remind him about much later in the
day, since he was nearly an hour and a half late for his own
fundraiser.
A fundraiser for the Everglades, and one hed been working
on for the better part of four months. A fundraiser that most of
the Simon clan had come out to support, including his brothers
Tucker and Beau, as well as his cousin Cooper.
And a fundraiser that Donovan James had definitely not been
invited to.
So why the hell was she across the room wearing a dress that
barely covered her lady parts, with some guys arm draped across
her shoulders as if it had every right to be there? Jesus, his hair
was almost as long as Donovans, and Jack knew that wasnt her
thing. Who the hell was he?
Keep that up and the gossip rags are going to have a field
day,
 Tucker Simon said, as he sidled up to the bar where Jack
was currently nursing a scotch and glaring in the general
direction of the woman who still managed to get under his skin
like no other woman hed ever known.
What? Jack barked, turning to his brother.
You look like you want to take that guy down. Tuckers grin
was wide as he accepted a cold beer from the bartender. And
dont think Im the only one who noticed. Moms got her eye on
you, and if youre not careful, shell drag someone over to occupy
your time and God forbid its one of Marianne Meddencourts
daughters. Theyre all lined up like a bunch of Barbie Dolls just
waiting for a chance at one of the eligible Simon boys. Maverick
was smart to stay away from this event.
No shit. Jacks scowl deepened. Who invited her? he
asked gruffly.
Marianne Meddencourt?
Jack took a moment. If his brother wasnt careful, Jack would
have no qualms about taking him out back and working out some
of the aggression he was currently feeling.
Donnie,
 he replied, before downing the entire glass of
scotch in a gulp that would have made his Uncle Bellamy proud
(the aforementioned old grump), and Uncle Bellamy was a
professional drinker.
You didnt? Tucker asked and Jack could tell his brother was
surprised.
No, dammit. I did not invite Donovan James. She and I are
like oil and water. You know that. Christ, Ive barely recovered
from the mess those pictures created the last time I saw her.
Silence greeted his outburst, and Jack sighed heavily. Sorry,
Tuck. I just...I wasnt expecting to see her. Not tonight. Its been
a shit day.
Tucker cleared his throat and gave a slight shake of his head,
and if Jack had been on his game, he would have picked up on it.
But Jack was so far off his game, he didnt have a clue. And when
she spoke, his mood went from dark to much darker. As in he
needed to break something, darker.
Sorry, sugar. I can leave if yall want me to, but I dont want
to disappoint the crowd.
Jacks eyes narrowed and every single muscle in his shoulders
tightened. He glanced up at the bartender, Mike, according to
the name tag. The guy didnt hesitate. He poured another double
scotch and handed it over. Youre gonna need this, Mr. Simon.
Smart man, Jack thought.
He grabbed the tumbler and turned around, aware that some
of the folks nearby were doing that polite-stare-thing. You
know, the one where they pretend like hell that theyre not
listening, but in fact a bunch of naked people could waltz
through the room and they wouldnt notice.
Donovan stood a few inches away, and it was obvious that
shed heard everything hed just said. All signs pointed to the
fact that the woman was more than a little pissed. Her cheeks
were flushed. Her eyes shiny like glass. But most telling, the tick
was there. That small little tick near her mouth on the ride side,
a smidge past the most famous mole in the world (or infamous
according to some).
For a moment, he couldnt tear his eyes away from her mole.
Or that luscious mouth. But then, of course, she opened itthe
mouth that isand ruined any fantasies that still lived inside his
head.
Jack Simon, if you dont stop staring at me like that, Im
going to start thinking that you still have feelings for me.
Oh he had feelings for the woman, but they were nothing
along the lines of what she was insinuating. He flexed his hands
and rolled his shoulders. That ride had crashed and burned years
ago, and shed been the one driving the goddamn car.
She paused, smoothing her hands over her little black dress,
which only managed to stretch the fabric tight across her chest
and her hips.
But thats not possible is it? I mean, you high-handed
political types dont like to mess around with us hee-haws from
the Ozarksat least not in public.
The jab was subtle, but it was there nonetheless. Should he
feel sorry for her? Maybe, but right now all he felt was a slow
burn settling under his skin.
After theyd been photographed leaving that damn Miami
nightclub a few months back, the story had gone viral, and it was
a story that still had life. The paparazzi had made his life hell
and though Jack was used to being in the spotlight, it had
become more than a little insane. His brother Beau with all his
Hollywood hype was used to that kind of exposure, not Jack.
Jacks people had immediately put their own spin on the
pictures and the story, telling the media that he and Donovan,
though a couple years ago, were definitely not involved. Their
past was just that, the past, and had no bearing on the present.
That night had been wrong from start to finish.
Jack had ended up at the nightclub with a crowd he didnt
usually hang with, including a few up-and-comers in the
Democratic party. The place was buzzing because Donovan James
was in the house. And damn, but she was more than a little
drunk. The girl could handle her whiskey just fine, but hed seen
her sucking back wine like it was water. Why else would she have
rubbed herself all over him like a cat?
One look at her, and he knew trouble was coming if he didnt
get her the hell out of that club. Theyd been broken up for years,
but she still managed to tug on that over-protective streak
inside him. Thered been stories that had managed to penetrate
his cocoon. Out-of-control partying, fights with her manager
(who also happened to be her mother), and love affairs gone bad.
Jack was pretty sure fifty percent of it was bullshit, but still it
didnt help that she seemed so goddamn small and vulnerable.
Shed come to the club with some second string movie actress
known more for snorting lines than saying themand no
security. After she tried to kiss Jack for the second time, hed
taken her outside, and theyd grabbed a cab, though Donovan
had passed out before they made it back to her hotel. Once she
was safe in her room, hed called his cousin Maverick. The two
were close and he knew that Rick would look after her..
He and Donovan were no good for each other. Hell, the only
thing they were good at was sex and fighting, and hed outgrown
that kind of relationship years ago.
That was it. End of story.
Yet as he stared into eyes so blue they looked as if the sky was
captured inside them, he had to wonder if it was the end of the
story after all.
Shed called him the next day, but by the time hed gotten the
message, shed already cleared out of the hotel and was headed
back to LA. Jack had left it at that, figuring Donovan James was a
can of worms he could do without opening. He didnt have time
to deal with something that would only bite him in the ass.
She arched a brow at him. So hows your lady friend,
Monique? I dont see her here.
Were not friends anymore.
Thats too bad.
Isnt it.
Tuckers fianc, Abby Mathews joined them at the bar just
then, a smile on her face as she slipped into his brothers
embrace. Whats up? she asked.
Maybe her words were the catalyst that moved Jack forward,
or maybe it was the fact that the guy whod been all over
Donovan moments earlier was heading their way. Whatever it
was, he was pretty damn sure that Donovan was just as surprised
as Jack was when he took that step and grabbed her hand.
The fundraiser was being held at the Beach House Golf and
Country Club in the keys and Jack led her out back to the gardens
that overlooked the ninth green.
It was humid and he tugged at his tie irritably. What the hell
was he doing?
You can let go,
 Donovan said slowly.
What? Jack bit out, eyes moving over the shiny blond hair
that hung past her shoulders in loose waves, the way a womans
hair should. She was tiny, barely coming to his chest in heels and
he felt a powerful urge to scoop her up.
My hand,
 she said again, tugging a bit until he released her.
She took a step back, her subtle scent left to linger between
them, and jutted her chin out. Whats going on Jack?
Why are you here? he asked.
Grace asked me to come and sing.
Grace. Of course. His younger sisters mission in life was to
be a pain in his butt.
Donovan smiled, a slow kind of thing that didnt spread to her
eyes. No way in hell. Those glittered like cold chips of blue ice.
Grace likes my music, and Ive always had a soft spot for her.
Weve kept in touch. She shrugged. I couldnt say no.
Bullshit. Jack tugged on his tie so hard the top button of his
dress shirt popped off. He yanked the offending piece of silk
from his neck and stuffed it into the front pockets of his slacks.
This was all wrong. All of it. What was he doing dancing this
dance with Donovan? There was nothing between them but a pile
of hurt, and from his perspective, that pile wasnt going
anywhere anytime soon.
Youre right,
 she answered taking a step closer to him.
Im not here just because of Grace. I had another reason to
come.
For several long moments, he stared down at her, watching
the play of shadows across her face.
Are you going to share that one with me? he asked, his
voice a little thicker than hed like to admit.
Long wisps of hair danced in the evening breeze as those eyes
continued to regard him in silence. She licked her bottom lip and
damn if he didnt feel a stirring of lust well up inside him. Some
things never changed, and this woman had always tapped into
that He-Man part of him. The part that wanted nothing more
than to bend her over the table to their right, so that he could
bury himself inside her.
Im here for Cooper.
Wait. What?
Cooper,
 he repeated, all thoughts of lust fleeing as he
glared at the woman in front of him. A woman who used to
belong to him but now.
Youre here for my cousin? Something dark and heavy
swirled inside him, and Jack clenched his hands into fists.
Donovan nodded. You know what they say, Jack.
No,
 he managed to spit out. I dont. Why dont you
enlighten me?
Donovans eyes flashed. Well you should since yall fed
those lies to the rags. The ones that said Im nothing but a.
She cocked her head to the side, chest heaving and for a
moment, he caught a glimpse of something painful.
They said I was nothing but a man-eater intent on making
my way through the Simon clan. I think one of the stories said I,
uh, liked a different man every night.
Donnie,
 he said, feeling like a shit for the first time.
Dont call me that,
 she said, chin up.
For a moment, there was silence, and then she spoke, her
voice full of smoke and whiskey. I guess it doesnt matter that
the only Simon Ive ever had is the one who makes no bones
about the fact that Im beneath him. Did you tell your people to
spread those nasty things? What was it your press guy said?
Ridiculous notion? She shrugged and mimicked his press guy
perfectly. The up-and-coming senator-to-be and the white
trash country singer from Arkansas. Now theres a hit song if I
ever heard one.
Donovan,
 he said roughly. His throat was tight, and the
urge to hit something was getting stronger by the minute. Hed
stopped that shit as soon as the stories started spiraling out of
control. Hed not authorized a pack of lies, and hed fired the
person whod spread them.
But Donovan was done, and he never got the chance to
explain. She slipped past Jack and just before disappearing inside
the venue, she gave him one parting shot. Thing is darlin
, Ive
decided that I dont mind having myself another Simon or two,
and Cooper will do just fine.
Moments ticked by. Moments where Jack didnt see anything
but black, because the anger inside him was that strong. He
didnt move for a long time. Not until he heard her voice, that
raspy, whisky soaked voice that slid across skin and leeched into
bone. She was singing, and though he couldnt make out the
words, the notes were all minor. Sad notes. Melancholy notes.
You okay? Tucker asked quietly from the shadows. Jack
must really be off his game because he hadnt heard his brother
approach.
Not even close,
 he replied.
Tucker just nodded. You want to bail? Ill come up with an
excuse.
Jack couldnt lie. The thought was tempting, but he shook his
head. Nah, Ill be fine.
He squared his shoulders and followed Tucker back inside.
D
2
onovan James should have refused Grace Simons request to
perform at the fundraiser. In fact she had, but Grace was a
persistent young woman and called again and again and again.
Shed eventually worn Donovan down and finally shed given in
and agreed to come to Florida.
What in hell had she been thinking? Oh. Right. She hadnt
been thinking and just like her mama liked to say, if you dont
use your brain first, nothing falls into place. Donovan knew that
if this blew up in her face, she had no one to blame but herself.
And lets face it, things usually had a way of getting out of hand
when she acted without thinking.
Born under a full moon on a Friday the 13
th
in October, things
had been blowing up in her face for as long as she could
remember.
Sweet Jesus, but she shouldnt have taken Graces call the
week before.
Except it was hard for her to refuse Grace Simon anything.
And even harder to stay away from Jack, something that had
been building since shed run into him a few months back. Shed
gone, what, five years without contact? Five years without
touching him or seeing him or even hearing his voice. And then
one night, one wrong and stupid night had blown everything to
shit, and now she couldnt stop thinking about him.
Couldnt stop remembering the feel of him. The smell of him.
The way the corners of his eyes crinkled when she made him
laugh. Or the way they would darken and smolder when he was
inside her.
The ache that had been lingering for days, weeks, (months if
she was being honest) rattled and hummed, making it hard to
breathe. Would it ever go away? Would she ever be free of Jack
Simon? Of a life that wasnt meant to be?
A groan slid from her mouth as she rested her head against
the cool concrete wall. Shed hightailed it out of the grand
ballroom as soon as shed sung her last note and had been
nursing a glass of whiskey for the last ten minutes. She couldnt
hide out here on the patio forevershe knew thatbut she
could at least get her shit together before facing Jack again.
God, why the hell had she mentioned Cooper Simon? That
little white lie was going to bite her in the ass. She could feel it.
Get a grip, Donnie.
Okay, she would act like nothing mattered, especially the
Simonsas if she was only here for a good time. Thats what the
press liked to believe anyway, so why not act the part? Shed
been doing a pretty good job of it for the last five years.
A cool breeze swept in from the ocean, and she closed her
eyes, letting the quiet Florida night wash over her. Donovan
wasnt sure how long she stood there, eyes closed, listening to
the night sounds around her, so when she heard a voice, she
jumped and spilled whiskey down the front of her dress.
Shit,
 she muttered, eyes flying open as she gazed into the
dark, a few more curse words coloring the night as she narrowed
her eyes.
Well, hell, darlin that doesnt sound real lady-like. Cooper
Simon stepped forward, a slow wicked grin on his handsome
face.
Relief flooded her. It wasnt Jack. Thank God. She wasnt
ready for him yet. Hell, at this point she wasnt exactly sure what
she was ready for, but for the most part Cooper Simon was
harmless. So shed told Jack a small fib. It was only meant to
divert him from the fact that Jack was the reason she was here.
Cooper and Donovan had never exactly been friends, but then
theyd never exactly been enemies either. She knew he wasnt a
fan, hed made that more than clear the last time shed seen him
with Maverick, but she could handle him.
Im no lady, and you know it,
 she quipped lightly, opting
for flirtation over confrontation.
According to some people, I know more than I should about
you,
 Cooper replied, that soft southern drawl rolling under his
words. It was a lot different than the harsher twang of
Donovans folk, and the first time shed heard Jack Simon speak,
shed been pretty much done for. The Simon clan might call
Florida home, but theyd never given up their southern
Louisiana roots.
Dabbing at her expensive Armani, Donovan glanced up
sharply. Excuse me?
His smile deepened. The man was womanizer. He was also
breathtaking and dangerous and sexy as hell, and a whole list of
things any sane woman should stay away from. The only
problem being, all of those things were what most women
wanted.
Too bad such a nice package would always bite a girl in the
ass.
Thankfully such a nice package did nothing for her.
I just had an interesting chat with my cousin,
 he said
slowly.
You did. Shit. Here we go.
I did.
And I care because?
Well for starters, you were the topic of conversation.
Her heart was beating faster and faster. Interesting,
 she
managed to say without sounding like an idiot.
He nodded. Yeah. Real interesting.
Huh,
 Donovan said, pushing away from the wall. Whats
on Jacks mind?
Cooper slid his hands into the front pockets of his pants.
Now why would you think I was talking about Jack? Theres a
boatload of Simons in there. I could have been talking to Beau or
Tucker or
What did Jack say? she asked softly, a hint of danger in her
voice.
Cooper watched her for a few moments. What game are you
playing Donovan? I sure as hell dont know you in the carnal
sense. Sloppy seconds arent my style.
Thats not what Ive heard.
People change.
Do they? Or do they just lie to themselves?
You tell me.
Not in the mood for a big ol deep discussion tonight,
thanks.
She shrugged, trying to make light of things, but her smile
faded when she saw the look in Coopers eyes. No longer were
they light or playful. There wasnt a shred of anything that
looked remotely friendly. Nope. This Simon was all business and
just like before, all those years ago, this Simons disgust was
palpable.
Jack seems to think that you and I are together or at the very
least screwing each other.
Donovan winced at his crude choice of words, though she was
careful to keep her face neutral. She couldnt have Cooper Simon
thinking that she actually cared what he thought. That just
wouldnt do.
And? she asked lightly. She moved forward a few inches
until she was real close to Cooper. Thats whats got your
boxers all tied up in knots? Last I heard, you were as selfish and
self-centered as ever. Last I remember, you screwed your own
brothers girlfriend. She allowed herself to smile. More than
one of them, if the rumors are true. Im surprised Maverick still
talks to you.
He laughed, though it didnt come close to reaching his eyes.
Last I remember, you screwed Jacks best friend.
Donovans blood went cold, and she felt the tick, the one near
her mouth, begin to throb. Oh God, she was going to lose it.
There was a roaring in her ears and for a second, the world sort
of tilted to the side.
Images flashed in her mind, and she felt bile rise up. No one
knew about that night, not even Maverick.
No one knew.
I dont know what youre talking about,
 she managed to get
out.
Cooper bent real close so that his mouth was near her face.
She was sure he could hear her heart nearly beating out of her
chest. I know all about it. Your night with Derek. Son-of-abitch
showed me some pictures. I hear theres video too but I
couldnt stomach watching it.
IIhow She gulped in some air and glanced away,
cheeks burning, flushed with mortification and pain and a whole
bunch of other stuff she couldnt name if she wanted to.
Does it really matter? Cooper asked.
No,
 she whispered, more to herself. No one was ever
supposed to see any of it. She heard something break and was
vaguely aware that the tumbler of whiskey had slipped from her
hand.
Im going to make this real plain and simple for you so that
you completely understand where Im coming from. Jack is like a
brother to me, and if you think that any of us are going to let you
get your claws into him again, youre delusional. Thats never
going to happen. Hes got a good thing going. Hes running for a
congressional senate seat and hes got this one locked up. Jacks
our golden boy, and youre no good for him, Donovan. You never
were.
She blinked rapidly and exhaled, because there was no way in
hell she would cry in front of Cooper Simon.
The thing of it wasshe knew that Cooper spoke the truth. As
much as that was a bitter pill to swallow, shed always known.
How else had she ended up in that mess five years ago? A mess
that cost her the only man shed ever loved.
If I so much as catch a whiff of you and himof the idea of
you and him getting back together, Ill show him the tape and
then Ill release it to the press.
You wouldnt. Horrified, her eyes flew to Coopers. It was
destroyed,
 she said hoarsely. He said he wouldDerek told me
that as long as I stayed away hed destroy it.
Cooper shook his head and stepped back from her. The guy
might be a brilliant political mind, but hes an asshole. Im sure
he watched it over and over just to get his rocks off. I wish Jack
could see through his bullshit. Not that it matters anymore,
since Ive got the thumb drive.
Words couldnt describe what she was feeling just then. In
fact there were none.
She wanted to die, knowing that Cooper had seen her and
Derekthat hed seen her naked and vulnerable and doing
things that no one else should ever see. If Jack ever saw it
You cant show it to him,
 she said finally. She had nothing
else. What was there to say?
Trust me darlin
, the last thing that I want is for Jack to see
that. Ive just drawn a line and if you cross it, Ill make sure he
sees every goddamn minute. Got it?
How could you...that could destroy his bid for senator. The
press would have a field day.
Maybe. But on the upside, hed bounce back. Hes a Simon.
And as a bonus, hed finally see what a slimy bastard Derek is.
That guy has always wanted what belonged to Jack, and you made
it so goddamn easy.
Donovans throat was tight, and those damn tears poked at
the corner of her eyes. Easy? He had no idea.
Cooper paused, his voice low. Either way it would keep Jack
away from you, and in the long run thats whats best for him,
dont you think?
She couldnt argue that kind of logic.
If you ever had any real feelings for him, youll walk away
and never look back. Just forget all about Jack Simon and go find
yourself someone else to play with.
Why are you doing this? Its not as if shed ever done
anything bad to Cooper.
Its nothing personal, Donovan. I just see something in you
that I recognize, because the same thing lives inside of me. Well
never be good enough for people like Jack or my brother
Maverick, because theres a fatal flaw inside us. Some quirk with
our chromosomes, I guess.
God, he sounded as if they were discussing the weather.
The least I can do is make sure that Jack has a chance with
someone who deserves him. Someone who hasnt fucked a guy
he considers his best friend. He sure as hell doesnt deserve to
know about what you did, because as much as hes over you, it
will hurt him. He shrugged and smiled that cold, steely smile.
But he will if you cross that line.
Cooper disappeared just as a wave of laugher from inside
rolled over the patio. Donovan was trembling. Her legs were like
limp spaghetti, and she was having a hard time breathing.
In less than five minutes, all the walls shed built up over the
last five years came crashing down, and she bent over the
fragrant hydrangea bushes alongside the patio and vomited.
Chest heaving, she pushed back a tangle of blond hair and stared
dully into the night. She could hear Jack speaking now, his rich
voice carrying on the breeze as he thanked everyone for coming
out and supporting a cause that meant a lot to him. To all the
Simons.
And that right there was the thing that would always separate
Donovan from Jack. Family.
To the Simons, family was number onewhich was alien to
Donovan. She knew that Cooper wouldnt think twice about
making good on his threat. And not because he was being
vindictive or nasty. He would do it because he loved Jack like a
brother. He would do it because Jack deserved better than a
trailer park brat who brought nothing but trouble to those who
loved her.
And hed be right.
She dug her cell out from its hiding spot in the bodice of her
dress and called her bodyguard, Michael. After hopping the
railing, Donovan ran across the ninth green and met her car near
the south side of the facility.
Within minutes, she was whisked away, and as she turned to
look back at the elegant Club house, she couldnt hold back the
sob that erupted from inside her. It was guttural. Animalistic.
Gut wrenching.
She caught sight of her reflection in the window and closed
her eyes, sinking back into the soft leather because it hurt too
much.
When had her life become such a sad, pathetic mess? The
world thought Donovan James had it all. Money. Fame. More
men than she could deal with. They thought she lived this
glamorous life, jetting here and there, spending money on
ridiculous clothes and expensive cars. Touring the world and
lapping up all the love her fans bestowed on her.
Even though her reality shared some of those things, the
truth of it was, she was lonely and in a bad place.
Her relationship with her mother was almost non-existent.
Firing Jayleigh James as her manager pretty much nailed that
coffin shut. And as for her love life? What a joke. She hadnt had
sex in nearly two years and hadnt felt any kind of love in over
five. Not since that last week shed spent with Jack. That last
week when shed destroyed the both of them.
Ironic really. She sang about heartache and cheatin. Hell,
shed made millions singing about that stuff. It just totally
sucked that her life somehow always managed to mirror the
songs she sang. Because none of them ever ended with a happily
ever after.
With a sigh, she closed her eyes. Maybe it was time to get
away. Time to shed all these layers of pain and try to find some
kind of balance.
Donovan James thought about that for a few moments and
then knocked on the partition separating her from the driver.
Ive changed my mind. Im not going to the hotel.
Where to Miss James?
The airport, please.
The car sped into the night and for the first time in a long
time, Donovan felt some kind of peace.
W
3
hat is it going to take to keep you focused?
Jack glanced up at the man seated across from him and
frowned. He wasnt in the mood for work, and he sure as hell
wasnt in the mood to be lectured. He closed his laptop and sank
back into his chair ignoring Derek McKenzie.
Late afternoon sun shone through the screened in Florida
room where hed been working since early morning, and though
the view of the ocean was spectacular this time of day, he could
have been staring at the walls in his office for all it did for him.
Derek was right. Jack just wasnt into it. Ever since the
fundraiser, hed been distracted and grumpy and
You need to get laid,
 Derek said, settling back in his white
wicker chair. The old furnishings had been in Jacks family since
the forties, and they creaked a bit under the mans weight.
Really. Jack tossed his pen and linked his hands behind his
head as he studied his campaign manager. Aside from politics,
the guy thought of nothing but sex. Kind of inconvenient for a
married man who liked variety.
Really,
 Derek replied, his dark eyes unwavering. You
havent been laid since you and Monique broke up. Derek raised
an eyebrow, a crooked smile in place. Why dont you call her?

Shes not stupid, shed come crawling back in a second if you
told her you wanted her. Shes just grandstanding. Waiting for
an apology and truthfully, Jack, I dont blame her. Hell, who
would? Donovan James? Your memory that screwed up?
Derek,
 Jack warned. Donovan James was off limits. He
wasnt discussing her with anyone.
Im just saying,
 Derek tossed back at him.
Hed known Derek McKenzie since fourth grade, and for most
of his life, hed considered Derek to be his best friend. Theyd
shared a lot of firsts together, including the bottle of lemon gin
Jacks father kept at the back of his liquor cabinet. Theyd
smoked their first joint together, lost their virginity within days
of each other (to the same girl). Theyd attended Harvard, did a
tour of Europe and just for the hell of it, took a year off one
that they dubbed dangerto climb a mountain in Peru, ski the
Swiss alps, explore the jungles of India and surf the coast of
Australia.
Hell, for a while there, hed been like an honorary Simon,
always around the family. But something had changed over the
past few years, and the two men werent as close as they once
were. Jack wasnt exactly sure when it had started, but he knew
that sometimes people grew up and they grew apart.
Still, Derek McKenzie had a nose for politics like no other, and
he was heading up Jacks bid to become a senator.
Derek raked his hands through his thick crop of dark hair and
shrugged. Im just telling it like it is. She wasnt good for you
five years ago, and she sure as hell would throw a wrench into
our campaign now. Dammit all to hell, you saw what happened
with those pictures a few months back. The press would have a
field day if you guys got together, and Im not gonna let that
happen.
Again. The word was unspoken and Jacks eyes flattened as he
watched the play of emotion on Dereks face. Hed never liked
Donovan. Jack wasnt exactly sure why, but the two had never
gotten along.
Derek,
 he repeated, but his campaign manager plunged
forward as if he never heard Jack.
She might be a goddamn win in the sack, but shed be a loss
at the polls. We both know shes nothing but an uneducated,
backwoods hick who has no talent other than her tits and ass
Enough,
 Jack growled and this time Derek got it.
Jack got to his feet and faced the ocean, shoulders tight as hell
and anger barely kept in check. You and I are not having this
discussion. My personal life is hands off and who I choose to
spend time with is none of your business. You dont want to
push this Derek.
Am I interrupting?
Both men glanced over at the young woman who stepped onto
the porch and tossed a bright pink tote onto the low slung settee
near the door. Jacks eyes narrowed as he perused his younger
sister from head to toe. Her skirt was on the short side, her top a
little too low and
What the hell did you do to your hair? Derek asked.
His sister Grace practically jumped up and down. Do you like
it? She twirled around, that damn skirt lifting, and Jack swore
when he caught sight of black underwear covering not nearly
enough of her butt. The left side of her head was shaved, the top
spiky and the rest hung nearly to her waist, the blond ends now a
vibrant pink.
He sighed and hid a smile. Only Grace.
Betty Jos stylist suggested it, and I love it. She giggled. I
dont think Mom is gonna be a fan but whatever.
Mom is going to have something to say for sure,
 Jack
replied.
Betty Jo was their brother Beaus fianc. A former fashion
model and now a bona fide movie star in her own right, she was a
little bit crazy and a whole lot fierce.
Shes lucky. Grace giggled. The alternative was to go
bald.
Bald? Jack asked. Wow.
Yep. Bald. Its like, back in you know? And I have the right
shape for it.
What the hell does the shape of your body have to do with
shaving your hair off? Was it just him? Cause he sure as hell
wasnt following his sisters logic.
The shape of my head, Jack. Grace studied him intently.
You could pull it off, you know.
Derek groaned.
Youve got the Simon genes, so your face is pretty hot and
your head is round so
Hes not shaving his damn head,
 Derek interjected.
Christ, wed lose ten points overnight. Dont underestimate the
power of that head of hair.
Grace made a face at Derek. So what are you two arguing
about anyway? she asked, falling onto the nearest chair and
kicking off her flip-flops.
Nothing,
 Jack answered, shooting a warning glance at
Derek.
Didnt sound like nothing to me,
 Grace answered, chewing
her gum and smacking it loudly. Actually, it sounded like a
lovers spat. Is there something you two arent telling me? she
teased.
Derek rolled his eyes and scooped up his laptop along with his
briefcase. Why dont you make yourself useful and convince
your brother to get away for a few days and clear his head. He
needs to get back in the game. Just because hes a Simon doesnt
mean this senator gig is all wrapped up.
Derek looked at Jack pointedly. Its been ages since youve
had a vacation. Go and get some R&R. Ill hold down the fort.
Jack didnt answer him.
Wow. What the hell is up his ass? Grace said, jumping to
her feet after Derek left.
Nothing,
 he said. His mood was shit, and he still had a
bone to pick with his sister, but it could wait. Aside from the fact
that he didnt have the energy to argue with someone who made
arguing look like an art form, he was done discussing Donovan
James.
I think you should,
 Grace said making her way over to him
until she too was looking out over the ocean.
Should what?
Go away for a few days. I could stay here and look after Coco,
and you could clear your head and maybe do what Derek
suggested.
He glanced down at his sister, noting the grin. He was almost
afraid to ask.
And whats that exactly?
Get laid.
He shouldnt have asked. Jesus, Gracie. Im not having this
conversation with you.
She shrugged. You do seem more uptight than usual is all,
and like I said, I can stay and look after the little monster.
Youre just afraid to go home and let mom have a look at
your new head.
There is that,
 his sister said with a grin, linking her arms
through his as she rested her head on his shoulder. At twentythree,
it shouldnt be an issue, but man, shes got a way of
making me feel like Im a teenager again.
God, he loved the kid. She was thirteen years younger than
him and for most of his life, shed been the biggest pain in the
butt. She was still a pain in the butt, but she was also so much
more than that. She was a complicated, vivacious, petulant,
loving, intelligent young womanwho had the worst taste in
men.
You should go to Belize,
 Grace said, swatting at a fly.
That was from left field. Belize,
 he repeated.
Well actually, theres this little island off the coast of Belize
that Liam and I were supposed to be staying at for ten days. Its
super private and only one guest house but um She sighed
and blew out a long breath. We broke up.
Ah, kid. Im sorry.
Dont be. Turns out Liam has a problem keeping his dick in
his pants when Im not around.
Jack heard the hurt behind her words and gave her a hug.
Asshole move,
 he said quietly.
Yes,
 she replied.
Jack held his sister for a few moments, staring out over the
water. Belize,
 he murmured.
Belize. She nodded. Go. Its already paid for. Dickhead and
I were supposed to fly out the night of the fundraiser but
Jack was silent for a moment. I dont know, Grace. Ive got
reports to go over, and Ive got a board meeting in a few weeks.
Its not a good time for me to slip away.
Whatever. The campaign isnt going to fall apart because
youre not here. Even Derek thinks its the perfect time for you
to recharge your batteries and,
 she grinned slowly. Consider it
a gift from me to you.
She kissed Coco, who, traitor dog that he was, licked her back
as if she was his long lost friend.
Besides, I need some time alone, and your beach house is
perfect.
Really,
 he said dryly.
Really,
 she repeated.
He shoved his hands into his pockets, his mood still off and a
frown on his face. He was restless, irritable, and a whole lot of
other stuff he didnt want to think about. Christ, he didnt know
what the hell was wrong with him. He only knew that ever since
hed run into Donovan, he felt as if his skin was pulled too tight,
like butter spread thin over toast. It was unsettling, and he
didnt like it.
Jack Simon was used to being in control, and right now he felt
as he was driftingas if he was waiting for something to
happen, and he didnt like the feeling.
At all.
For a few moments, he said nothing because he was waiting
for something to happen and maybe that something was as
simple as getting away and forgetting about everything for a
little while.
He glanced at his sister. Suddenly Belize sounded just about
right.
F
4
our days in and Donovan had to ask herself why shed never
visited this part of the world before. Shed been pretty much
everywhere else, every continent and major city you would want
to visit, but Belize, or rather this tiny island just off the coast,
was a paradise shed not expected.
She had no cell phone. No iPod or iPad for that matter and no
computer either. Heck, there wasnt even a television inside the
house. All she had was a suitcase full of clothes, a copy of Aldus
Huxleys The Doors of Perception (shed been trying to read it for
two years, but whatever) a notebook and pencil, and the first
guitar shed ever bought, a beat up Epiphone with a hole in the
pick guard.
She could walk the entire island in about an hour and had
done so each morning. The beach was amazing, the weather
idyllic and shed just finished snorkeling for the first time.
Roger, the elderly gentleman who lived with his wife, Mary in a
bungalow on the other side of the island, had set her up with
some gear before hed taken the boat and gone to the
neighboring island of Ambergris Caye for supplies.
The couple were caretakers for the owner of the private island
(who exactly that was Donovan had never learned), and it had
been Roger whod met her at the airport on the mainland.
All in all, the place was to die for, and as Donovan braided her
long hair, eyes moving across the beach, she couldnt help but
feel as if shed found a little piece of heaven.
Didnt matter that she was alone. It didnt even matter that
the ache shed learned to live with would always be there. After
hours of travel and the first few days of feeling sorry for herself,
shed had a momentan epiphany so to speak.
Donovan knew that she would never be happy, at least not in
the true sense. All of the things she wanted, a husband and
lately a child, well, theyd passed her by when the Jack Simon
fright train had derailed. And sure, fantasies about a life with
Jack had carried her for the last few months, ever since Miami,
but after Coopers ultimatum, she knew it would never happen.
That love story was dead.
If only she could find that sweet spot. That balance between
want and need. She had to get to that place where she was one
hundred percent okay with not being one hundred percent
happy.
People did that right? Not everyone lived a happily ever after.
Not even the girl who America thought had it all.
Shed brought a bag down to the beach, filled with a soda,
water and some snacks (her trainer would have a heart attack if
he could see the chocolate bars and chips but hey, she was on
vacation). She had the Huxley book she was determined to read,
but it was several feet away underneath a palm tree.
The snorkeling, the sand and the sun made her lazy, and she
dropped to her beach towel instead of retrieving her bag. Rolling
over onto her stomach Donovan made a pillow with the end of
her towel, closed her eyes and relaxed.
The gentle waves lapping onto shore coupled with the heat
from the sun calmed her spirit, and eventually she drifted off.
Donovan wasnt sure how long she slept but when she woke
up, billowing gray clouds blocked out the blue sky and sun, and
the wind had picked up. Stiff, she pushed up onto her knees and
glanced around, yawning as she stretched.
Looked like a storm was brewing.
She scooped up her towel and was heading to where shed left
her bag when she heard voices on the wind. She couldnt make
out what they were saying, but they were definitely male voices.
Curiosity piqued, she folded her towel and turned toward the
dock located several hundred yards down the beach.
She spotted Roger and his wife chatting with a man whose
back was to her. The guy was tall and wore faded cargos, while an
un-tucked white T-shirt flapped in the breeze. He sported a ball
cap so she couldnt see his hair, though his skin was tanned a
dark golden, as if he spent a lot of time outdoors.
A large bag was slung over his shoulder, and he held another
smaller bag in his hand. There was something about the way he
stood...
Roger and his wife waved to him as they climbed into their
boat andwaitwere they leaving? Uneasy, Donovan grabbed
her own bag and began heading up the beach. There was no point
in yelling because A) she was pretty sure theyd be back sooner
than later and B) the noise of the motor would drown her out
anyway.
Rogers boat reversed away from the dock, and before
Donovan had a chance to run the last bit of the way, the boat was
headed to open water and the man theyd been talking to turned
toward the house.
He took three steps before he stopped, but it was two steps
more than she needed to know exactly who it was. Even with the
ball cap and aviators covering his eyes, there was no mistaking
that chin and mouth or the broad chest and wide shoulders.
What the hell are you doing on my island? she snapped,
picking up the pace and swearing a blue streak when her foot
landed on a piece of sharp coral.
He tore off his sunglasses, staring at her inwaitwas that
surprise? Shock?
His mouth tightened as a shadow from the clouds crossed
overhead.
Her gut tightened because she could clearly see what was
reflected in his eyes, and it sure as hell wasnt delight. It wasnt
even close. Jack Simon looked dangerous and more than a little
pissed off.
Son-of-a-bitch,
 he swore, eyes moving up her body until
he nailed her with a look that had her hackles instantly up.
Grace,
 he practically growled.
Grace. Of course. Who else but a young woman whose heart
had been broken, yet again, and who believed (wrongly as
Donovan tried to tell her many times over)that Donovan and Jack
belonged together. Shed obviously set up this whole thing,
thinking that a romantic getaway would somehow kickstart an
affair that was long dead.
Shit,
 she murmured, eyes moving to the small fleck on the
horizon. Roger and Mary were so far out theyd disappear from
view at any moment. She couldnt stay here with Jack. No way in
hell that was happening.
Dont worry about it,
 she said turning toward the guest
house. It was perched higher up, among a stand of palm trees.
Ill just pack my stuff and when Roger and Mary get back, Ill
have him take me to the mainland.
She started forward, marching up the small incline and
ignoring the pain in her foot.
Not gonna happen,
 Jack said from somewhere behind her.
She froze but refused to turn around. Whats that supposed
to mean?
Roger told me that he and his wife had a family commitment
and would be off the island for three or four days unless there
was an emergency.
Three days? No effing way.
I dont care. Im calling him right now.
Crap. With what? She didnt have a cell and even if she did,
she didnt have a phone number for Roger.
Not gonna happen,
 he repeated. Their daughter went into
labor, and its their first grandchild.
Are you kidding me? Hands bunched at her side, she swore
a blue streak that would make a sailor proud.
Unbelievable,
 Jack said. You havent changed one bit.
Youre still a self-centered
Bitch,
 she finished for him.
The thing of it was, he was right. She did sound like a spoiled
rotten child, but this was all about self preservation. She
couldnt stay here with him.
Do you have the number?
I do.
Are you going to give it to me?
Depends.
On what?
He arched an eyebrow and lord help her but she wanted to
punch him in the throat.
He was pretty clear, Donnie. Emergency only.
This is an emergency,
 she said, taking another step, mind
frantically thinking of a way out.
Really. This should be good.
She was nearly to the patio. You bet. Man, her Arkansas
twang was up front and center, which was a testament to just
how upset and scared she was.
Are you going to share what exactly constitutes an
emergency in the life of Donovan James these days? The
sarcasm, oh it was heavy, and Donovan made a face as she
jumped up onto the top step, barely avoiding a yelp because her
damn foot was throbbing by this point.
Whirling around, she glared down at the only man whod ever
managed to press every single goddamn button she owned. And
good Lord, did he have to look so damn sexy gazing up at her?
I can pretty much guaran-damn-tee-ya that when they
come back in three days, there will only be one of us left
standing, and it sure as hell wont be you. If you dont call that
an emergency, I dont know what is.
Chest heaving and mouth suddenly dry, she licked her lips
and waited for him to respond. But seconds ticked by, and Jack
did nothing but lean against the bottom rail and stare up at her,
eyes so dark they looked like pools of slick oil.
Slowly they moved over her again and, oh God, her nipples
thrust forward as if saying hello. Suddenly aware that she was
practically naked standing there in her bikini, she crossed her
arms across her chest and clutched her bag a little closer.
The air was alive with something. Something hot and thick
and sinful. Lets not forget wanton and needful and sensual. And
it was all of those things that she needed to stay the hell away
from.
Even if she wanted it so badly. The ache inside her expanded
at the thought.
Trying like hell to keep her breathing normal and struggling
to keep her face neutral, Donovan almost didnt hear that little
catch in his breath. The one that told her Jack was right there
with her. He felt every little bit of that something that she did,
and he was just as affected.
Donovan thought of Coopers ultimatum. How was she going
to survive three days when the only thing she wanted was right
here in front of her, and he happened to be the only thing she
could never have?
Youre bleeding,
 he said slowly.
What? Confused, she stared down at Jack, the sadness
inside her near to bursting. That damn lump was back, clogging
her throat, and she had to clear it in order to speak. Bleeding?
Jack took two steps up just as several big, fat drops of rain fell
onto her face. He was eye to eye with her, and that male scent
that was all him washed over her, infusing her cells with a need
so great it was painful.
Your foot.
Donovan followed his gaze down and stared at the blood
pooling underneath her arch. It was already dark, having lost its
brightness as soon as the air hit it. Funny, the blood looked dull
and lifeless, as if whatever it was that made blood life-giving
was dead inside of her.
She had a feeling that if she didnt get this straightened out
if in fact she was stuck here with Jack Simon for three daysher
heart would look exactly the same when it was all said and done.
Old. Dull.
And utterly crushed.
J
5
ack decided exactly one second after locking his gaze onto
Donovan that his sister had a death wish, because right about
now, he wanted to wring Graces neck. What the hell had she
been thinking?
His jaw clamped tight as he watched Donovan spin around
and hobble the last few steps, throwing open the door of the
luxurious guest house and then slamming it shut behind her.
It was raining pretty good now, and for a few seconds, he
wasnt sure what to do. He tore off his ball cap because it did
nothing to keep his head dry, and tossed it along with his bags
onto the covered part of the porch.
He took the last couple of stairs and walked the length of the
house, his eyes on the sea and horizon. There wasnt a trace left
of blue sky, and the angry clouds that rolled overhead suited his
mood. So much for a relaxing getaway.
Pissed off, he shoved his hands into the front pockets of his
cargos, eyes narrowed, mouth tight. He didnt know who he was
more angry withGrace for tricking two adults into spending
time together when clearly it was a bad choice for both of them,
or himself for taking one look at Donovan and wanting her more
than he could ever remember.
Pathetic.
Shed cut him out of her life like he was cancer and never
looked back. In fact, after that last week together, he hadnt laid
eyes on her until Miami. Jack had spent two years involved in the
most tumultuous, crazy, passionate relationship of his life, and
in the blink of an eye, it was over.
Sure they spent a good amount of their time arguing over just
about anything and everything, but theyd spent an equal
amount of time making up. And it was the making up part that
had ruined him for any other woman, because the sex had been
sizzling. Never had he been with a woman whod responded to
him the way Donovan had and even though he knew shed felt
the same, it hadnt been enough for her.
The sad truth was that hed been all in, only hed been all in
by himself. Hed been so far gone for her that he hadnt realized
it until it was too late.
Jack Simon had mistakenly thought he had the world by the
balls. It was a sobering reality check to find out things were the
total opposite.
Donovans career took off, and shed ended things with a
Dear John letter. A fucking letter. Even now, the thought of it
made him wince.
Shed ridden the fame train all the way to the top, and there
had been no room in her life for a relationship. Not even with a
guy like Jack who would have given her everything.
So why the hell was he thinking about her in ways that would
only bring him trouble?
Hed like to think it was because he hadnt been laid in
months and those long hot showers werent cutting it anymore,
but truthfully he wasnt so sure. Something was still awake
between them, and he knew that shed felt it. Hed seen the way
her eyes widened and then got dark. Heard her breath hitch.
Hell, hed done the same. The chemistry between them was as
hot as it was back in the day.
And now he was stuck here with her. Pretty damn
inconvenient.
Shit,
 he muttered leaning his hip against the railing, eyes
now fixed on the French doors that opened onto the porch. He
stared at them for so long that they blurred and as the rain
continued to fall, he closed his eyes.
It had been raining the first night hed ever laid eyes on
Donovan.
In Nashville with his brother Teague who was home from
assignment in Afghanistan, the two men planned on catching up
and watching their cousin Maverick perform at a place just off
the strip. Rick, as they called him, was a talented musician, and
it would be good night.
Theyd headed out around eight and by nine, the rain had
started. Jack inhaled deeply, his mind wandering.
MAN, they grow them nice in this neck of the woods,
 Teague
said, eyeing the blonde whod just walked into Bobbys Idle Hour
Tavern.
Jack turned to follow his cousins gaze,
cause hell, Teague
rarely commented on women. Wasnt his style. He was the quiet,
observant twin to the more outgoing Tucker. But as Jacks eyes
locked onto the blonde in question, he wasnt surprised.
She was something else, all right.
She was talking to a girlfriend, so he couldnt get a handle on
her face, but the packaging was mighty fine. She wore a plain,
white cotton dress that was cut a little low on top andJack
stood a bit tallercut a little short on the bottom.
Nice.
The brunette standing next to him at the bar snorted. Are
you kidding me? Shes like some hick from Arkansas who thinks
she can sing. Truth is, the only reason shes allowed on stage is
because shes banging the guy who books the talent.
Irritated, Jack ignored the womans comment. Why did some
women feel the need to knock others down? Did they think guys
thought it was an attractive trait?
Just then the blondes eyes met his, and Jack felt as if hed
been punched in the gut. He was hot and then cold and
everything seemed so much louder, more intensealive. With
just one look he got all of that.
She was young, fresh, anda slow gentle smile curved her
generous mouthshe wasnt looking away.
Jack set his beer on the bar and slapped his brother on the
shoulder. Sorry, Teague. This ones mine.
Yeah,
 Teague said with a grin. I see that.
The brunette, Pam or Patti or something like that, grabbed
Jacks arm and gave it a tug. What is that girls appeal? I dont
get it. Every guy in here becomes a puddle of goop when shes
around. Give her another few years in the business, and shell
look no different than the rest of them.
Jack looked at the woman. How in hell had he spent the last
half an hour entertaining the thought of getting her back to his
hotel?
He pushed away from the bar without another word, shoving
his way through the thick crowd, eyes back on the mystery girl.
Liking the fact that her eyes were still on him.
It wasnt until he was standing in front of her that he noticed
a beat up guitar case in her hand. A host of stickers covered the
thing, and if he was to believe the case, it looked as if shed been
all over the United States.
Her friend whispered something into her ear and slipped
away, leaving Jack staring at the hottest woman hed ever had
the occasion to look at. She was sex and cotton candy all rolled
into one delectable treat, and he swallowed hard.
His physical reaction was immediate.
Do I get to hear you play? he managed to say without
sounding like a complete idiot.
She was silent for a few moments, and he noticed raindrops
clinging to her hair. He inhaled sharply, liking the fresh smell of
a hot, humid, Tennessee evening.
That depends,
 she said softly.
Shit. Her voice was low and husky, full of smoke and whiskey.
And Christ, the mole beside her mouth was sexy as hell.
On what?
On how long youre staying.
He leaned in closer. Im here all night.
Freckles danced across her nose, and Jack fought the urge to
bend even lower and swipe his tongue along the bridge. Just
thinking about that got him to thinking about other things,
other small and dark places hed love to touch and smell and
taste.
He had to take a moment, because his jeans were gonna get
mighty uncomfortable unless he got his shit together.
Whats your name? she asked.
Jack.
Just Jack?
He hesitated, knowing that a lot of folks would put two and
two together and realize exactly who he was. Simon,
 he said
roughly.
Her finely shaped eyebrows furrowed, and her face broke wide
open in a grin that left him feeling even more enamored than he
already was.
Youre related to Maverick?
Busted. Cousin.
Oh, Ive heard all about you Simon boys.
Huh,
 he murmured, watching a slow blush creep up her
cheeks. Im afraid to ask.
You should be,
 she said slowly, as if savoring every word.
Cause none of it was good. She glanced behind him and waved
at someone. Nice to meet you Jack, but I have to go.
Before he could ask her what her name was, she was sliding
by him, her hand lingering a few seconds on his arm. That piece
of skin felt as if shed branded him, and it took another five
minutes before she took the stage with his cousin for him to
learn her name.
Donovan James.
It was insane. But in his mind, she was already Donnie.
And she was already his.
JACK SHOOK OFF THE MEMORIES, his T-shirt totally soaked, his hair
plastered to his head. Thunder rolled across the sky now
accompanied by lightening. Looked like the storm wasnt letting
up anytime soon.
He eyed the door once more.
With a sigh, he scooped up his gear and went inside,
expecting a flood of angry words thrown his way. Instead, he was
greeted by a backside he knew better than his own, barely
covered by a lime green bikini.
Donovan was bent over, her foot propped up on a chair, and
she hissed in pain as she tried to clean the bottom of her foot.
What are you staring at? she muttered, inhaling a big gulp
of air as she twisted to the side, angling for a better way to get
the job done.
Your ass.
Wow. Some things never change.
Just being honest.
Well stop staring at my ass, Mister Im-going-to-be-asenator.
Not real appropriate for someone in your position.
What? Senators cant enjoy looking at a nice piece of ass?
Not mine,
 she replied.
Not yet.
What?
Jake tossed his bag and moved toward her, slicking wet hair
from his eyes. Im not a senator until November.
Youre pretty sure of yourself.
Im a Simon. Comes with the territory.
She snorted and muttered,
Yeah. And then whimpered.
Ouch.
Can I help? He wasnt expecting a resounding hell yes, but
it was pretty obvious the cut was bad, and she doing a poor job of
cleaning it.
Nope. Youve done enough.
What the hell did I do? he asked, irritated with her attitude.
I wouldnt have cut my foot if you hadnt shown up.
Id like to know how you came to that conclusion.
She whipped her head back but never got a chance to ream
him out, because her good foot slipped along the floor and the
chair she was leaning over began to topple.
Jack grabbed her before that round butt of hers landed on the
floor, and he righted the chair before that followed her down. For
a few moments her soft curves were flush against his body, and
Jack took his time before he set her down, butt on the chair.
She covered her breasts even though her top covered what
needed to be covered (barely), and Jacks mouth thinned. Ive
seen them darlin. Trust me, Im not interested.
Lies. They seemed to be coming easier these days. Christ,
hed make the perfect politician after all.
He was off kilter and didnt like it one bit. Give me your
damn foot,
 he said gruffly.
I can do it. You dont
But Jack was done playing games. Done with the back and
forth.
Give me your damn foot so I can finish cleaning it and get it
bandaged. Okay? Enough of the attitude. Im tired, and I need a
beer. But before I can help myself to a nice cold one, Im going to
clean and bandage your foot because if I dont, it will get
infected. And I sure as hell dont want to play nursemaid for the
next three days.
He thought she was going to argue with him, and on some
level maybe he was looking forward to that, but a few seconds
ticked by and then she lifted her foot.
Fine,
 she said, voice low. Its the least you can do.
Hows that? he said, eyebrow raised as he reached for her.
Like I said earlier. Its all your fault anyway.
Jack reached for the antiseptic. Thats something that hasnt
changed.
Whats that exactly? Her voice was all sugar, and he gritted
his teeth, ignoring the hiss of pain when he applied the burning
liquid. He glanced up, noting how dark her eyes had gotten. You
still like to get the last word in.
A heartbeat passed.
Id have to agree with you on that point.
He concentrated on getting her foot cleaned and bandaged
but had to wonder about all the other things that were still the
same. And maybe a few that had changed.
And then his mood darkened, because really, what was the
point in wondering about something he would never know?
I
6
f Donovan was an actress, shed be up for an Oscar because
shed just given the performance of a lifetime. Hell, Julia Roberts
had nothing on her.
Shed let Jack put his hands on her. PUT HIS HANDS ON HER.
And she hadnt given anything away.
Like the fact that inside her body was screaming. Inside, she
was a massive ball of goo, all limp and hot and needy. Inside, the
ache that had been dormant for so long was now a raging fire,
inching across her skin leaving goose bumps in its wake.
Shed kept her eyes glued to the floor as his large hand
enveloped her foot and was proud of the fact that she didnt
tremble and the whimper caught in her throat, stayed there,
hidden like a secret.
Jack held her gently, cleaning the bottom of her heel and arch
with precision and then bandaging it up like a pro. When he was
done, hed leaned back on his haunches, his dark eyes trained on
her for a few seconds as if waiting for her to say something.
But there was nothing. Her throat was still tight, and she
needed more time.
Carefully he got to his feet, standing above her, and as always,
she felt small and vulnerable.
Thanks,
 she managed to say.
No problem.
He moved away from her, and she couldnt help it, with his
focus on the house, she drank him in like a tall glass of cold
water. His hair, still wet from the rain, curled in the humidity,
giving a boyish look to features that were wholly masculine. He
hadnt shaved in a few dayswhat was it about that look that
drove her crazy? And with a dry mouth, she wandered lower.
His T-shirt was wet and clung to a body that looked like it
belonged to an athlete, not a politician. Jack had grown up on the
water, was an active boater, water skier, and as with all the
Simon boys, he enjoyed sports to the extreme. She knew he was
a hell of a football player, dabbled in hockey, and that he
probably could have pursued baseball like his brother Beau.
His cargoes were slung low, weighed down from the rain and
when he ran his hands across his head, she caught a glimpse of
flat, golden skin and a dusting of hair that disappeared beneath
the waistband.
His long legs were runners legs, muscular without being
overly bulky, and they were as delicious as the rest of him.
Im gonna grab that beer now,
 he said turning to her just as
she dropped her eyes to the floor once more. There was a finality
to his voice. An acceptance of the way it was going to be.
For a moment, Donovan didnt know what to say. Three days
with Jack Simon? Was it even possible for her to survive that?
Did she have a choice?
Okay,
 she finally said. You can take the bedroom on the
left and if we both ignore each other, Im sure we can get
through this.
That had been nearly twelve hours ago, and she hadnt seen
him since shed hobbled past him and disappeared into her own
room. The one right across the hall from Jack.
Donovan pushed her large Gucci sunglasses up a bit and
grabbed the book shed brought down to the beach. It was
another gorgeous day and the breeze across the sea lifted little
white caps on the turquoise water. Seagulls flew overhead, and
the wind in the palm trees that lined the beach was like a
whisper in her ear. It was a little slice of heaven, even though at
the moment, it felt more like hell.
Donovan wished she was anywhere but here.
She was grumpy because shed hardly slept and though shed
like to blame that on the state of her foot, she knew it was a lie.
Hello. Jack was right across the goddamn hall!
And dammit, she was hungry. Up early, she was about to
forage for chocolate and chips (considering the circumstance,
was it any wonder it was all she wanted?) but when she heard
movement from Jacks room, Donovan grabbed her book, towel
and sunscreen and left the guest house in under ten seconds.
And now the inevitable was happening.
Hed invaded her beach.
She eyed Jack overtop of the book in her hand. He was
shirtless and wore a pair of faded navy board shorts. Mirrored
aviators kept his eyes hidden, and he carried snorkeling gear in
one hand and a red cooler in the other. He set the snorkeling
gear down close to the water and turned toward her.
Donovans heart skipped and immediately she tensed. Okay.
Why was he walking toward her? They werent friends. They
werent even close.
He didnt stop until his shadow blocked the sun.
Huxley, huh?
You sound surprised,
 she said turning a page.
I am.
Sorry to inform you that this Arkansas hick can read. Lord,
he better not quiz her on Huxley, because so far shed barely
managed to get through the first chapter. And the only reason
she was reading it was because Grace had bet her that shed
never get through it.
Thinking of the traitor, Donovans mouth thinned. She damn
well was gonna collect whether she finished the book or not.
After pulling this stunt, Grace Simon owed her big time.
Lets not get off on the wrong foot already. I just meant that
its heavy stuff for vacation. I thought youd have a stack of
those trash magazines you used to like.
Nope,
 she said, glancing up. Ive been on the cover of
most of them every other week since Miami, so I avoid them like
the plague. She shrugged. I dont enjoy reading stories about
myself, because most of them are lies.
I get that,
 he replied.
She snorted.
You still do that.
What?
That sound that tells me that you think Im full of shit.
Yall need a sound to get that? Her voice. It was sugar
sweet.
Jesus, Donnie. Cant we agree on something as simple as the
media?
Your situation with the media is a hell of a lot different than
mine, and you know it. Suddenly angry, Donovan tore off her
glasses and sat up. They sensationalize my life. Every little
stupid detail. Last week they wrote about my trip to the goddamn
gynecologist. The gyno for Christ sake. Half of the United States
thinks Im pregnant.
Are you?
What? Pregnant? Id have to be having sex to be pregnant.
Oh. My. God. She did not just tell him that. Rushing forward,
she tried like hell to cover up her slip.
They write about the most ludicrous things. Apparently Ive
had plastic surgery. Even my mole isnt real, and uh, what
woman would want a big ol black mole on her face? Oh, and all I
do is drink vodka. I hate vodka.
Whiskey is your drink of choice.
And drugs? I smoked a joint once when I was skipping math
class in high school. Once. And I hated it because it made me
paranoid. Ive never snorted coke or tried heroin or anything else
for that matter. Never. Ive never slept with any Dallas Cowboy
and certainly not one named Hank and I sure as hell havent
slept with that actor from that show. Shit, if I had sex with every
single man the rags have said I did, Id never have time to do
anything else besides
But youre not,
 he interjected.
Huh? She was so caught up in her tirade that she paused to
catch her breath.
And was that some kind of cocky smile on his face?
Youre not having sex with anyone. She blinked. That darn
dimple of his was enough to drive her crazy. Or so you said.
Well I sure as hell am not sleeping with you and according to
most of America, including your mother, thats a good thing. You
know, because Donovan James is so evil, and Jack Simon is the
fucking bees-knees.
Whats my mother got to do with it?
But Donovan didnt hear that question. Her mind was
spinning a mile a minute and the more she thought about the
double standard, the more angry she got. Youre like thisthis
golden god whos going to wave his magic wand and become the
next political dynamo in Washington. I bet half of them believe
youll cure cancer or negotiate world peace. Christ, I bet they
think rainbows live in your butt, and we both know that isnt
true. Ive never read a negative story about you. Its insane and
so not fair.
He was smiling, and god help her, but every single one of
Donovans lady parts was suddenly alive and buzzing. Her
breasts felt heavy, and if he wasnt looking directly at her, shed
have snuck a hand between her legs. The ache there had been
dull and throbbing all night, but right now? With her blood
boiling and naked-Jack-chest inches from her?
She was about to explode.
Whats so funny? she snapped.
Nice to know youre keeping tabs on me.
Im not.
She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her hair and clamped
her mouth shut. No point in getting into it with Jack. Shed never
win that game. Hed always been good with his words.
And his hands.
A silent groan echoed inside her head.
God, and his tongue.
He set down the cooler. I made you a sandwich and theres a
couple of cold beers in here, too. He regarded her for a few
seconds. I found your stash of chocolate, so I tossed one of
those in.
Surprised, Donovan, glanced at the red cooler. You didnt
have toI mean, I was going to head back for lunch.
I know I didnt have to, and I also know you ran out of the
house as soon as I woke up.
I didnt Her voice trailed off at the look in his eyes. Jacks
bullshit meter was kicking in, and she knew it.
Donnie, were stuck here for a few days. We may as well
make the best of it. Were both adults. He shrugged. Lets
forget about the history and just try to get along. Do you think
you can do that?
Im not sleeping with you.
Okay. Where the hell did that come from? So much for the
Oscars. With one panicked move, Donovan was up for a Rotten
Tomato award and man, did she deserve it.
If Jack was amused by her statement, he didnt show it. In
fact, he ignored it completely which confused the hell out of
Donovan.
Im gonna get some snorkeling in. You wanna join me?
She was shaking her head before she could form an answer.
Uh, no. My foot is swollen and Imwell. She held up her
book. Im going to try and make a dent in this.
Okay.
She pulled her Gucci glasses back onto her nose, relieved that
she had some kind of shelter from those intense eyes and settled
back onto her beach chair.
Jack turned without another word and for as many seconds as
it took for him to stride back to the water, she had a magnificent
view of his broad shoulders, naked back and tapered waist.
She watched him get his gear on and head into the water, his
body fluid and strong and.
She groaned, the throb between her legs insistent and her
mouth dry, her hand slipped beneath her bikini bottom when he
went under the water. She was slick and hot, full of need. Images
of Jack above her, inside her, mouth at her breast and hands on
her body assaulted Donovans mind. She sank lower into the
chair so there was no way he could see what she was doing.
As Jack Simon crested the water and swam out along the coral
reef her fingers gave her some relief. She rubbed and caressed
and pressed into that part of her that was engorged and swollen
with need.
But it was a hollow feeling. An orgasm by her own hand didnt
hold a candle to the kind of response Jack could coax from her
with just a look. And as she shattered against her palm, a single
tear wove its way down her cheek.
She would never have that again. At twenty-nine, that was a
sobering thought.
H
7
ows the foot?
Jack tossed his empty beer into the cooler and glanced at
Donovan. Her long hair was tied back, her face free of makeup.
Her days here had given her a golden glow, and he was struck by
how feminine and fresh she looked. Truthfully, she didnt look a
day past five years ago.
Its fine.
That damn book was still in her hands, held in front of her
face like a shield, the same place it had been every single time
hed looked her way.
Maybe I should take a look at it. He was goading her but
couldnt seem to help himself.
Nope. All good.
Huh. She was as prickly as a porcupine. Jack supposed he
should just leave well enough alone, but he couldnt. Her little
slip up earlier had been on his mind for the past few hours.
Id have to have sex to be pregnant.
Seems as if he wasnt the only one not getting laid these days,
and that made him think of all sorts of things that he shouldnt
be thinking about. He knew the sexual chemistry between them
was still there. That was something theyd never lost. It was

simmering beneath the surface, and if not handled properly, it
would explode.
Hell if she asked him what hed seen out in the water he
wouldnt be able to answer her because truthfully, all hed seen
were images of her naked and wet, mouth bruised from his, legs
open and ready.
He wanted her. Plain and simple. With two days to go, that
was inconvenient.
No way was he going there with her. At this point, Jack wasnt
sure either one of them would survive a second go in the
bedroom. From day one, theyd had a volatile relationship. They
loved and then they hurt and then they made up. He supposed it
was inevitable that it had ended so badly.
That last argument had been ugly, and theyd both said some
things. Jack had left, pissed off and freaked out by the depth of
his feelings for her. A woman who drove him crazy and a woman
who was as stubborn as he was. Tucker had talked him down
from that one. Told him that it was normal to feel as if you were
losing everything when you were gaining the world. It was the
universes way of keeping you humble.
When hed come back to his beach house the next day, she
was gone. Derek was still there, his buddy had been on hand for
the entire ugly thing, and hed handed Jack the Dear John letter
and a stiff scotch.
Fuck it. Time to leave and think of something else.
Jack got to his feet and packed up the cooler. Shed eaten the
sandwich hed made, and he noted the chocolate bar was gone,
too. The beer however, shed left for him.
Im heading up to the house.
Okay,
 she replied, nose still in that damn book. Her back
was ramrod straight, and he knew that she was about as far from
relaxed as they were from mainland Belize.
He wasnt sure what her deal was, but Jack was done trying to
figure that shit out.
An hour later, he had veggies and steak grilling on the
barbecue, and hed opened a bottle of red wine. It was a Malbec
from the south of France and one he was going to enjoy even if
he drank the entire bottle himself.
He had two more days to go and somewhere between
chopping peppers and onions, he decided that the only way to
get through it was to at least attempt some sort of normalcy.
After all. They were adults. Adults with a past, mind you, but
it was time to get over it and move on.
Wow. That smellswonderful.
Hed just come back into the house from the patio and turned
at the sound of her voice. Just like that, a bolt of energy slid
through his body.
Yeah. The whole moving on thing was going to be hard but
hey, Jack was always up for a challenge.
Donovans hair was loose, falling down her back in golden
waves. The ends were damp and he realized shed showered and
changed because the simple dress she wore was new. Halter
style, it emphasized her breasts and fell several inches above her
knee in a brush of soft pink.
It was feminine and totally Donovan. She must have snuck in
when he was outside on the patio.
He, however, was still in his board shorts and hadnt bothered
with a shirt. He hadnt showered either and couldnt remember
the last time hed bothered to shave.
Ill set the table,
 she said inching toward the kitchen.
Already done. Set up on the patio.
Oh. Sorry. I didnt know you were going to all this trouble or
I would have helped. Her eyes slid away from his, and Jack
couldnt let that one go.
Save it, Donnie. We both know the kitchen isnt your
favorite place. If I remember correctly, you cooked me one meal.
One meal the entire time we were together. Jesus, we both would
have starved if it wasnt for me.
A smile broke open on her face, and she laughed that fullbodied
laugh that he hadnt realized hed missed until just now.
Oh my god. The bird. It was ahChristmas?
Thanksgiving.
Right and I left the giblets and stuff inside the turkey.
You did.
Well, its not like there was instructions or anything. It
wasnt that
Trust me. It was that bad. The turkey was undercooked and
the mashed potatoes could have been used for glue. In fact, Im
sure I used the leftovers for that loose board on the back deck.
She grabbed the extra wine glass hed put out and poured
herself some Malbec. Taking a sip, she leaned against the
counter. You ate them. In fact you told me they were the best
mashed potatoes youd ever had.
I lied.
She twirled the wine in her glass, and his eyes zoned in on her
long elegant fingers. Her nails were always short, but they were
painted a soft pink.
When you left to take a phone call, I emptied my plate onto
yours.
Thats devious. He would like to say he was shocked, but he
wasnt.
Damn straight it was, but good lord, they were awful
potatoes.
Jack topped up his wine and took another sip. Then why
didnt you just admit that they were the worst mashed potatoes
ever made, and we could have gone out to dinner?
Because I dont like to lose.
He held her gaze for as long as shed let him, and then her
eyes slid away from his, her laughter fading to nothing.
No,
 he replied. Neither do I. Jack took another sip of
wine and silence fell between the two of them.
So this is nice. Donovan said lightly, those long fingers
trailing over the rim of her wineglass.
Whats that? Jack replied, eyes fixed on her bottom lip
because at the moment, she was chewing on it and for some
reason he found that incredibly hot.
Us,
 she said, turning to him.
Slowly his gaze moved up to her face, but her eyes were
averted, the long lashes sweeping low. What was her angle? And
why the hell was she suddenly being so nice?
Us?
Getting along like this. Being friendly.
Darlin
, were far from being friendly,
 he replied. This
right here is what polite looks like when adults want to make a
potentially awkward situation bearable.
Right,
 she murmured. My bad. For a moment, I forgot
about your day job. Being a politician, youve got the acting thing
down pat. The sarcasm. It was heavy which irritated the shit
out of him. Just like that, the atmosphere went from light, flirty
even, to dark and dangerous.
Thats old, Donovan. You know me better than that.
Something flashed in her eyes. Maybe you should pay
attention to some of the people you surround yourself with.
What the hells that supposed to mean? He drained his
glass and glared at her, not understanding the darkness in her
tone or her need to attack.
She sighed. Never mind.
You always do that. It irritated the hell out of me back then,
and thats something that hasnt changed.
Excuse me? she snapped.
You run, Donovan. Things get bad and you deflect and then
you run. You dont explain, you just do whatever the hell you
want.
An eyebrow lifted as she looked straight at him. Do you hate
me for what I did?
The question came out of nowhere, and for a moment Jack
wasnt sure what to say. And for a guy who was used to using
words to get his point across, that wasnt a good place to be in.
He watched her closely. Watched the play of emotion flickering
in her eyes which were now glassy.
Did he get into this now? Did he open that can of worms?
Would it matter if I did?
She blinked rapidly and nodded, her voice barely a whisper.
Yes. It would matter.
Why? he asked without thinking.
Tense, Jack moved a few inches back, rolling on his heels as
he stared down into a face that he would never forget. A face that
belonged to the woman whod walked away from him all those
years ago. It was all her. Hell, shed refused to talk to him when
hed driven all the way to Nashville from Florida to confront her,
and then shed threatened to have security throw him out of the
goddamn hotel when he refused to leave.
He shouldnt have to remind himself that hed moved on and
had no desire to revisit their past. So why was he asking her the
one question he shouldnt care to know the answer to?
He felt that slow burn of anger again, and eyes flat he
watched her, his wine glass held so tightly he was surprised it
didnt shatter in his hand. This is how he needed to be with her.
Hard and uncompromising. Its what she deserved.
Jack,
 she said roughly. Lets just eat. A trip down memory
lane isnt going to be good for either one of us.
She was right. He had no desire to rehash a past that was
totally messed up.
Lets eat,
 he said abruptly, turning toward the patio.
Spell broken, Jack was back on his game. Even though his
appetite had pretty much vanished, hed eat his steak, drink his
wine and do whatever it took to forget about her. No way was he
letting Donovan James get under his skin again.
T
8
he next day Jack was aloof, his political game face on. He
answered a few questions about his campaign, but it was
painfully obvious he wasnt interested in conversation. Polite or
not. So Donovan gave up.
She spent the day pretending to read the Huxley book, and
Jack spent the day out on the water. No shared meals. No
conversation. There was just nothing.
And yet the entire day she was hyper-aware of every move he
made. Her eyes followed him from behind her over-sized
Guccis, and even the silent treatment did nothing to abate her
need to watch him.
Lunch and then dinner came and went. He made himself
pasta and salad (Mary kept the fridge and pantry well stocked),
and then hed eaten alone on the patio.
Jack was right, Donovan was hopeless in the kitchen, so she
settled on a peanut butter sandwich, a soda, and a chocolate bar
for dessert. Which she ate down on the dock because there was
no way she was going to sit on the patio with Jack and take his
silent treatment.
When he left for a walk around the island just as dusk was
falling, Donovan escaped to her bedroom and now, nearly twelve
hours later, after a third night of next to no sleep, her nerves
were wrung so tight that a headache was burrowing inside her
skull.
Tomorrow Roger and Mary should return, and Donovan
prayed that theyd come sooner. She hadnt been able to write.
Hadnt picked up her guitar since Jack arrived and the slow,
sexual burn that wouldnt go away was driving her crazy. How
could two people who hated each other so much still have that
connection? She knew he felt it. Shed seen it in his eyes.
All of that coupled with the tension and the sleepless nights
were making her cranky, and she contemplated hiding out in her
bedroom for the day. But then the more she thought about
things, the more angry she got.
She paced her room, worrying her lower lip until it was raw
and finally she realized how ridiculous she was being. She
scooped up her towel and book (why oh why hadnt she brought
at least one People Magazine?) and opened her bedroom door.
She strode out into the main room, ready for whatever side of
Jack Simon she was going to get, only to find the place deserted.
Huh.
Jack? she called out softly. But nothing. Only the breeze
coming in through the open windows, making the wind chimes
sing.
Donovan downed two headache tablets, grabbed her stuff,
this time she tossed in her notebook and pencil, and headed
down to the beach. Her spot was vacant. The beach was vacant.
In fact it seemed as if the entire island was vacant.
Glancing over to the dock, she noticed the second boat was
missing and lips pursed, she began to unpack for the day.
Could have at least left me a note,
 she muttered. Maybe I
wanted to use it today. Not really but still. Hope a goddamn
shark finds you,
 she said, eyes on the water and then glanced
around. Jesus, Donnie. Youre starting to sound as crazy as you
feel.
That was an understatement.
She was bitching about a boat she didnt even know how to
drive, and she was talking to herself. Falling into her beach chair
in a huff, she reached for her notebook instead of the book-thatshe-would-never-read.
Her notebook was for writing songs. For getting words down
that she could put to melody. But as she stared out over the
water, feeling more lonely than she could ever remember feeling
before, she began to think of a lot of thinks that shed pushed to
the back of her mind. Dark things. Painful things. Secret things.
Taking her pencil out of her mouth Donovan sighed, and after
a few seconds she began to write. What ended up in the pages
werent words meant for music. Nope. They carried a lot more
weight than that. They were words meant to tell a story. The sad
story of Donovan and Jack.
And the night it all went to hell.
BY MID AFTERNOON shed filled more than twenty pages, her cursive
writing small and neat. She was spent, emotionally drained, and
glancing down at the paper, it was no wonder. Everything was
there. Every sad and sordid detail.
Getting stuff out was supposed to make you feel better, but
right now, in this moment, she felt nothing but overwhelming
sadness for the life that she could have had. A life that she
wanted. A life that she thought about every single day.
Tired and hungry Donovan, headed up to the house. By the
time she showered and prepared herself the saddest looking
salad ever (shed tried to get the caramelized walnut thing
happening but burnt them instead), the sky was blocked out by
yet another storm rolling in.
Determined not to dwell on Jack, she ate her salad on the
patio and tried to ignore the empty chair across from her. And
the empty dock for that matter, which was even harder to do,
because big fat raindrops began to fall just as she was finishing
up her dinner. Along with the rain came thunder, and a bolt of
lightening ripped a hole in the sky. She barely made it inside
before a deluge fell from the stormy clouds.
Now Donovan was the kind of girl who loved the rain. When
she was little she used to run around and try to catch drops on
her tongue, and if it was thundering and lightening, even better.
Her gramps, God bless him, used to call her the little witch. Her
mom? Just plain stupid.
Of course things changed the summer she turned twelve and
witnessed her cousin Zack get hit by a bolt that came at them
without any warning.
The smell of burning flesh was something shed never forget,
and her cousin Zack had never been the same. Lucky to be alive,
he suffered third degree burns and lasting neurological defects,
including seizures. Another thing her mother had blamed
Donovan for.
Cant you ever listen? You know that trouble always finds
you, and now your cousin is gonna be a vegetable, and thats all
your fault.
So yeah, Donovan wasnt a fan of lightening and Jack Simon
was a fool to be out on the water in such a storm. He, of all
people, knew better. What the hell was he thinking? Was he so
pissed at being stuck on this island with her that he had to take
the boat out into the Caribbean to get away from her?
Whatever, she thought. But whatever didnt make her feel
any better because an hour passed and no Jack. And then
another. Still no Jack.
By this time it was dark outside, and her bandaged foot was
killing her from all the pacing shed done. Up and down, back
and forth. Across the patio where it still rained and then back
inside. But she couldnt stop. Worry had her nerves jumping like
a Mexican bean, and her stomach was just as bad, tied up in
knots that would make Christian Grey proud.
Crap. It wasnt fair that she still cared so much.
Where was he? Was he hurt? Had the storm somehow
overturned his boat? Was he somewhere out there in shark
infested waters, trying to keep his head above water?
Sweet Jesus,
 she whispered hoarsely. Sharks.
But no one was listening, and Donovan passed another hour
watching the darkness and cursing herself for not bringing along
a cell phone. Because if she had one, surely shed have alerted
the coast guard. Did Belize even have a coast guard?
The thunder and lightening had stopped, though the rain was
still holding steady. Feeling like a caged bird, Donovan headed
for the patio and let the water wash over her, arms crossed over
her chest as she tried to find some kind of comfort.
Minutes passedlong minutes that stretched into at least
thirtyand Donovan was trembling from cold, fatigue, and fear.
What would she do if he didnt come back? It was then that
something caught her eye and wiping water from the corners,
she strained to see what it was. When the sound of a motor cut
through the night, she whimpered, eyes glued to the dock.
The moon was still playing hide and seek with the storm
clouds, so she could barely make out the dock. Without thinking
or even pulling on her sandals, she sprinted down the steps,
nearly tripping over the small bushes at the bottom and ran
toward the water.
She was acting on impulse. Adrenaline and fear driving her
forward. It was a miracle that she didnt fall and break a leg on
her mad scramble to get to the dock.
By the time she hopped onto the wooden boards, slick from
the rain, she could see Jack tying up the boat, and she didnt stop
running until he turned toward her. She slammed into his chest
and slid her arms around him, squeezing her eyes shut. He was
back.
Oh my God, Jack. I was so worried. II thought the boat
sank or you were hit by lightening or aa shark tore off one of
your legs. Im going crazy. Youve been gone all day and I
She shuddered against him, her body trembling and her
throat closing up as a wall of emotion rolled through her. She
might have even wailed.
Hey, Im here. Im okay. Two legs, two arms.
She felt his warm breath against her cheek and tilted her head
slightly so that she could see his face. The rain still fell, but it
was now a gentle caress that slid over his bare skin and then
onto hers.
His hair was slicked back off his forehead, and she noticed
that hed shaved this morning. His eyes, oh they were as dark as
the devils, and they watched her, never wavering .
That well of emotion was still inside her, buried beneath flesh
and bone, taking up residence where her heart was. For a few
crazy moments, shed contemplated what a bleak empty world it
would be if Jack Simon was lost to her.
Even if he didnt belong to her anymore, it mattered. It
mattered a hell of a lot more than she liked. But the simple truth
was that being able to covet him from afar was better than
mourning a ghost.
His hand crept along her jaw, and Jack held her in his arms,
eyes intense as they moved over her face, his warmth giving her
body an infusion of heat. But still she trembled. Still she ached.
Still the leftover fear was eating her up.
His thumb settled over the mole next to her mouth, and an
image of his tongue sliding over it flashed in her mind.
Where were you? she whispered, desperately trying to find
a way to break the spell he had over her. Why would you just
leave?
Hey, Im sorry I worried you. His voice was all kinds of
husky goodness and something inside Donovan melted. Damn.
She wasnt strong enough.
I planned on being back by dinner, but then the storm rolled
in and I had to wait it out.
But where were you? I woke up, and you were gone.
I boated over to Caye Caulker. Roger told me about it the
other day. Its an island. Not quite as big as Ambergris Caye but

Donovan blinked water from her eyes. Wait. what?
You went to an island. It wasnt a question. Spent the
entire day on another island. Again not a question.
He didnt answer and in those few seconds, a couple of things
happened. One, that big old ball of emotion inside Donovan
began to pound, like a drum beat over and over again. Hard and
relentless.
And two, as the emotion pushed to the surface it boiled hot,
feeding a raw and hurtful anger that left her almost speechless.
She thumped him on the chesthardand yanked herself
out of his arms. Of all the stupid selfish things She was so
angry she could barely form a coherent thought. Chest heaving,
she stared up at him incredulously.
You left this morning and spent the entire day on an island,
leaving me here all alone? With no phone or anybody to talk to? I
could have fallen and broken my neck and no one would have
known. Or gone for a swim and had a cramp and drowned. Again
no one would know because I was all alone.
Voice shaky, she took a moment, but the more time she took
the more hurt and angry she became.
I didnt matter enough for you to leave a fucking note? A
little scribble to say, hey Donnie, Im off to some exotic island,
because I cant stand being near you? Oh and while Im having a
nice cold beer in some swanky bar, maybe Ill bang some island
girl while Im there? Huh? Would that have been too much to
ask?
Donovan. He held his hands out, palms up, the universal
sign of peace and she slapped at them.
Dont you dare her voice was hoarse, and she struggled to
catch her breath. Dont you dare Donovan me. I cant believe
you.
Youre overreacting,
 he said carefully, moving back a few
inches. Smart move. Donovan had a good right hook, and Jack
damn well knew it.
Overreacting? You havent seen overreacting. I was alone all
damn day. A band of pirates could have come ashore and taken
me and done God knows what to me.
Pirates?
Yes, pirates,
 she snapped. You know, Im the captain
now? Pirates?
He looked at her as if she was losing her marbles and maybe
she was, but Jesus, Jack Simon deserved to feel at least some of
the anxiety shed gone through because of him.
Donnie.
Dont call me that. Im not your Donnie. Im not your
anything. Because of you, Ill never be
Anyones anything. The words were stuck in her throat which
was something to be grateful for, at least.
Never mind,
 she said, turning abruptly because that stupid
ball of emotion decided now was as good a time as any to bubble
up, and she was going to cry.
Dammit. She was going to cry.
But not in front of Jack. Shed rather jump off the dock and
say hello to a whole school of sharks than let him see just how
much he still meant to her.
How much he could still hurt her.
She took one step. One step.
And felt his hand on her arm.
J
9
ack felt like the biggest douche bag ever. Hed never meant to
worry Donovan. Hell, it had never entered his mind that shed
even care.
But she did. And if he was reading the signals right, she cared
a whole lot which made no sense at all. Shed ended things
between them. That was all on her.
For just one second, Jack considered letting her go, but then
that nagging thought that had been at the back of his mind for
the past few days nudged him. Its what sent him forward,
because he was done playing nice. Done with the whole,
I dont
give a crap thing
, because that was about as far from the truth
as he could get.
He was damn well ready for some answers. Hed waited long
enough.
Five years too long.
Donnie,
 he said, reaching for her arm. The rain was still
falling and her skin was slick with it. Hey, hold up.
She wouldnt turn around, but she didnt shrug him off
either. In a calculated risk, Jack decided to put it all out there.
Why not? Its not as if he had anything to lose and, on the
flipside, maybe hed finally figure out the mess that was their
history.
Maybe then he could move on.
Turn around,
 he said.
I dont want to.
The woman couldnt make anything easy.
Turn the fuck around,
 he said through gritted teeth as a
fresh wave of anger rolled over him. Im not going to talk to the
back of your head like some tail-between-his-legs schoolboy.
She shook off his hand and slowly turned around, but she
refused to look at him which made that slow burn inside spark
something fierce. When the hell had he become the bad guy?
Why are you so upset anyway? I dont get it. Five years ago,
you left me a goddamn letter and ended things. I didnt even rate
a face to face. So what gives now? Why the concern? Were not
friends. Were barely acquaintances anymore. I thought youd
love having the place to yourself.
Her chin jutted forward and finally he had her attention.
Those big eyes locked onto his with an intensity that surprised
him. And waitwere those tears in her eyes?
Jack swore and ran his hands over his wet head. What the
hell? You gotta help me out here. I get that you were scared
because you were all alone and yes, I apologize for not leaving a
note. But Donnie, something else is going on. Youre
Of course I was scared you idiot. I still But her voice
trailed off and those big eyes slid away from him. She damn well
was hiding something and his frustration grew.
Still what? He took a step closer until he was in her face.
What are you not telling me?
But she wouldnt meet his gaze and aside from physically
forcing her to look up at him, Jack was out of options. The only
thing he had was the truth.
You want to know why I left this morning? Being here with
you is messing with my head. I cant look at you without wanting
you, and then I get pissed at myself and I think of how things
were left. What you did
He swore because the anger inside him was burning hotter
and hotter, and he wasnt used to not being in control. I
thought you were the one. Christ, I was going to propose that
week
What?
Her head jerked up, her bottom lip trembling, whether from
cold or nerves he didnt know. Her hair was a slick river of
blonde that fell around her shoulders in wet tangles, and those
eyes, they looked haunted.
What did you just say? she asked again.
Jack could back away, or he could finally face this demon.
I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you. I wanted to
wake up in the morning and see your face. Your smile. That
sexy-as-hell mole. He said something under his breath and she
winced at the savage tone of his voice.
I wanted to have kids with you. I wanted a little girl with the
sun in her hair and sky in her eyes. I wanted the white picket
fence. The whole nine yards. I had the ring picked out, and I was
going to propose but then we had that fight. His shoulders
bunched, the muscles tense. I have no idea what we even
fought about now, which makes this even more pathetic than it
already is.
Derek,
 she said her voice tremulous, barely above a
whisper.
What?
Derek was always around and Ihenever mind. She blew
out a long breath. We fought about Derek.
Right. Stupidest fight ever. Funny that Derek was the one to
hand Jack the bad news. When I came back you were gone, and
he had your letter.
Jack still had it, but that was something she didnt need to
know.
He watched her intently, trying to figure her out. Wondering
what the hell was going on inside her head. She shuddered and
made a small sound and only then did he realize his hand was
still on her arm and that it was no longer raining.
Shadows moved across her face as the moon came out from
hiding. And those eyes, always those eyes full of unsaid things,
watched him. She was shivering, her nipples pebbled beneath
the sundress that she wore. A sundress that was plastered to
curves hed done nothing but fantasize about for the last two
nights.
That ache in his gut was back. It was back with a vengeance,
pummeling his insides and Jacks gaze wandered lower, over
slim hips and a good amount of bare leg. Everything about her
was delicate and fragile and
Jack,
 she said, drawing out his name. The Arkansas twang
was back and something about it made his blood heat, his skin
tight.
Then she made a sound. Not just any sound, but the one that
always made him crazy. It was a surrender of sorts and the air
became charged with something heavy. It was the sort of thing
that fed on emotion and pain andhe felt his pulse quicken
pleasure.
Donovan,
 he said roughly, pulling back a step. Ilets just
call it a night.
Hands clenched at his sides, he stared at her. Suddenly he
didnt give a flying fuck about answers. He needed to put some
distance between them, because his mind was heading south and
the only thing he wanted to do right now was something that he
shouldnt even be considering.
No way in hell. If Jack went down that road, he wasnt so sure
hed find his way back. He gave himself a mental shake and blew
out a long breath.
Look. Im sorry if I worried you. That wasnt my intent. Its
been a long day and I should just... Goddamn ,did she have to
look at him like that? With those big eyes and a mouth that was
enough to drive a decent man crazy?
He cleared his throat. Lets just call it a night.
He would have moved past her. Hell, he had every intention
of moving past her and not stopping until he was in his room,
cold beer in hand and a shower the only thing in his imminent
future.
But she reached for him. The shock of feeling her fingers run
across his jaw came fast and hard. Jacks breath hitched, and his
heart took off, beating as if the very devil was inside him.
Those big eyes were shiny, her mouth slightly open and her
scent, holy hell but this woman smelled amazing.
What are you doing? Jack asked, barely able to get the
words out because Donovan inched forward until only a whisper
separated them.
For a moment, the two of them stared into each others eyes,
hearts beating like mad, breaths falling rapidly.
And then she leaned into him, her hands cupping his face as
she rose up onto her tiptoes and damn, if Jack didnt let her.
Her mouth slid across his, a tentative touch, but that was all it
took for Jack to give up any pretense that things werent gonna
happen between them and to hell with the consequence. His
arms snaked around her waist, and he pulled her in as close as he
could get her. He kept one hand on her hip, holding her steady
while the other threaded through the hair at her nape.
A groan escaped him as his mouth closed over hers, and he
took command. He kissed herhe kissed her hardhis mouth
bruising and passionate and angry. He tasted every inch of her,
his tongue sliding across her lips, her teeth, wanting deeper.
Wanting more.
Jack gave one more sweep of his tongue, his hand running
down the small of her back until he cupped her ass. There was no
doubt that she felt how hard he was and for a moment, he had to
catch his breath.
He rested his forehead on hers, both of them breathless, and
those hot, needful things that filled the air were inside them.
Invading. Coaxing.
Holy hell.
Jack angled his head so that he could see her face. See the
mouth that was swollen from his. A mouth that had driven him
to distraction in the past and one that haunted him still.
He knew that he should walk away, because that was the right
thing to do for so many reasons. Another man might have done
that, but then Jack wasnt the type to play hide and seek. Not
now. Not ever.
Some would say that what he was contemplating was foolish.
That one more night with the woman whod pretty much ruined
him for all others was a mistake. But Jack knew better. This here,
this wasnt about love anymore. Hell no. That was dead and
gone, and hed never dig up that old ghost.
Right now, this was about satisfying a craving hed never
been able to shake. It was about taking that one last taste.
Savoring it. Enjoying it.
And then moving on.
Im giving you one chance to say no,
 Jack whispered, eyes
glittering. One chance to walk away from the thing thats still
here between us. He bent forward, his warm breath sliding
across her cheek as he sought out that place near her ear. He felt
her shudder and smiled as he waited, mouth hovering over her
skin.
One second.
Two and three and four.
And then his eyes darkened as his hands slid over her. He
cupped her possessively, his body tight with anticipation. Voice
lowered, he waited a half a second more and then whispered.
Times up.
D
10
onovan should have run as far away from Jack Simon as she
could when she had the chance.
Times up,
 he whispered.
Should of. Could have. But ultimately she didnt. Why?
Because every single cell in her body was on fire. She hadnt felt
this alive in years and damned if she was giving that up anytime
soon.
That kiss. Holy hell that kiss was all kinds of want and need
and desire and heat. It was everything shed missed and
everything she wanted and
She thought of Cooper Simon.
It was everything she couldnt have.
Unless
One night,
 she whispered, unaware shed spoken until Jack
angled his head and gazed down at her.
What was that? he asked, voice a little rough.
For a heartbeat, she stared into eyes that would haunt her for
the rest of her days. For that heartbeat, she saw everything
theyd had and everything they would never know. But right
here, right now, she could have it all again.
One night, Jack. Thats all I got.
His eyes were hooded, that amazing mouth of his in a halfgrin,
and just for a second, fear sliced through her. If Cooper ever
found out, hed destroy both of them.
Im good with that.
Dont do it, Donnie.
But the thing about want and need and all of the other stuff
she was feeling, was that none of those things were talking to
her brain right now. They were spread thin, covering her flesh,
igniting flames of desire and pooling low in her stomach. They
made her tremble in anticipation. Ache with the need to
connect.
He leaned closer again, and God help Donovan but her knees
knocked together. If it wasnt for Jacks arms still around her,
she would have fallen on her ass. His breath was a whisper
across her cheek, and she squeezed her eyes shut, inhaling that
masculine scent that was all him.
And then his mouth was on hers, hot and urgent. She opened
beneath him, hungrily taking him in, her tongue tasting his, her
fingers clawed into his shoulders. The feel of him, the taste of
him was like a returning dream and Donovan wanted to weep
because it felt that good.
Jack kissed her long and hard, his hands moving over her
body, positioning her so that his erection pressed into her.
He broke the kiss, and she barely had time to whimper before
he tore her dress down the middle. The moon still shone,
shadows sliding across his handsome face, and she stilled at the
look of raw passion in his eyes.
Ive missed this,
 he growled, a thumb running over her
pebbled nipple.
She gasped, glancing down at his large hand against her pale
skin.
So. So. Hot.
Chest heaving, Donovan bit her lip, hard, barely suppressing
a cry when his warm, wet mouth closed over her nipple. He
licked around it, his tongue, teasing, moving slowly and applying
just the amount of pressure hereand therebefore he tugged a
bit and then suckled hard.
Donovan felt every pull travel from her breast all the way
down to the hot mess between her legs. It was the most exquisite
pain imaginable, and she groaned when he began to massage her
other nipple.
She ground her pelvis against him and cried out as he
continued to work her. His mouth. His tongue. His teeth.
And still, that wicked glint was in his eyes as he gazed up at
her. He knew exactly what he was doing to her, and she didnt
give a damn. Tonight was all she had, and she would surrender to
Jack over and over again because she was that weak.
But there was a payoff, because on those cold lonely nights
when it was just her and an empty house, shed slide beneath
the covers and remember every detail of this last night with him.
Jack held her in his arms, his mouth at her breasts as rain
began to fall again. This time it was a gentle sort of thing, and
when he tore off the rest of her dress, the feel of the cool water
against her hot skin was erotic. She was inflamed with need and
every drop was like a little electric shock.
Jack dropped to his knees in front of her and she wobbled but
grabbed his shoulders, moaning like an animal because she knew
what he was going to do. With one yank, her panties were torn
and tossed behind him, and his large hands gripped her hips as
he rested his forehead on her lower belly.
It was one of the hottest things shed ever seen.
Donovans breasts were full, aching, and she cupped them,
angling her head so she could watch this beautiful man kiss her.
Tease her.
Jesus, Jack,
 she whispered hoarsely. It had been so long
since shed had an orgasm by anyones hand other than her own.
Jack glanced up and her throat closed so tightly that she was
afraid shed choke. Without thinking, her hands slid to his face,
and she traced his gorgeous mouth. Youre so beautiful,
 she
whispered.
You still have my tattoo.
Donovan swallowed, blinking rapidly and praying that the
tears poking the edges of her eyes would not fall. They couldnt
fall. Not now. She said nothing because she was pretty sure that
if she attempted to speak shed fall apart.
The tattoo.
Theyd each gotten one, a small Celtic symbol with each
others first initial. She held her breath as his thumb rubbed
over the intricate J. Located beneath her bikini line, it had only
been meant for his eyes. She had to wonder, did he still have her
mark?
His eyes flattened, and his fingers dug into her hips. Open
your legs,
 he ordered.
The rain slid down his chiseled features and her fingers sank
into his wet hair. Donovan was trembling in anticipation as she
slid her feet along the wet dock.
Dont let me fall,
 she whimpered.
Ive got you.
Those three words nearly undid her.
Jack,
 she whispered, suddenly very afraid that she was
making the biggest mistake of her life. But he wasnt listening
and any chance she had to make an escape was lost when he bent
forward and slid his tongue inside her.
You taste just like I remember,
 he growled against her. So
damn sweet.
She barely held on as Jack licked and sucked and stroked her
into a jumbling mess of red-hot need. His large hands cupped
her ass as his lips and tongue continued to tease. Her legs were
jelly, her body nearly convulsing as that exquisite pressure flared
to life and burned its way up from deep inside her.
Whimpering, she threw her head back, still clutching his hair
as she held on for dear life.
Come for me, Donnie. His voice was rough. So damn
intimate. Donnie,
 he said hoarsely, a finger inserted deep
inside her, curled up at the just the right angle. Now, babe.
She shattered against him, her orgasm ripping through her
body in a blast of pleasure that left her breathless.
Oh, Jack,
 she whispered. It wasnt enough. It wasnt nearly
enough. All thought fled. There was nothing but Jack. Nothing
but the need to have him inside her. It was like a fever rolling
through her body, and she frantically began tugging on his shirt.
Jack,
 she managed to say, swaying unsteadily on her feet as
he scooped up the edge of his T-shirt and pulled it over his head.
Her fingers were at his zipper, her body leaning into his because
if not she would have fallen off the dock.
The rain continued to fall as she pulled his shorts down and
before she could process the sight of his naked beauty, Jack had
her on her back, one leg pulled up around his waist as he
positioned himself between her legs.
For a moment he stared down into her eyes, rain cascading
down his face onto hers. His chest heaved and the muscles along
his neck were corded tight.
His mouth slid over a nipple, and she cried out as a surge of
heat infused her body, winding her up so tight it was painful.
Never had she been this aroused. This much in need to connect
to a man.
To Jack.
Only, Jack, she thought.
Please,
 she whispered.
For one second their eyes connected, and she saw the heat
and desire and raw need that she felt, reflected in him. That fear
shed felt earlier hit her hard in the chest and for one crazy
moment, the responsible side of her began to scream.
What the hell are you doing?
This wont end well!
But then his mouth was on hers, and he slid inside her, the
long length of his cock going as deep as he could.
Christ,
 he muttered hoarsely. You feel so damn good.
There was no long drawn out loving. No, gentle caresses as
Jack gazed lovingly into her eyes. There was only the raw,
animalistic need that the both of them couldnt deny.
She let Jack set the tempo, his thrusts fast and hard with a
need that she understood. She kissed him with all the passion
and sorrow inside her. She met him thrust for thrust, her eyes
not leaving him, because she knew she needed to memorize
every detail.
She hadnt done that the last time, because it wasnt often
that a person knew when a last time was actually happening.
It wasnt long before they both came, and for Donovan, the
release was unlike any shed ever had. It was full bodied and
heart pounding. Passionate and fierce. It was coming home and
knowing that she had to leave again, because he could never
belong to her. She loved this man too much and she would do
whatever it took to protect him.
It was all of those things and so much more, and it was the so
much more that left her broken.
When Jack shuddered into her that last time and rolled onto
his back so that she was able to collapse on top of him, Donovan
turned her head to the side. She let the rain slide over her, the
cool water mingling with her tears.
She felt his heart thudding like crazy beneath her. Heard his
ragged breaths as his hands slid up to her waist. She inhaled his
scent and felt an ache deep inside.
Then Donovan closed her eyes and pretended that Jack Simon
was hersthat the future shed always wanted was in fact real.
That the man she loved, loved her back and that Cooper Simon
and Derek McKenzie didnt exist.
She drifted away in a sea of illusion.
Stupid and girlish maybe, but for the moment, it was all she
had.
J
11
ack woke up slowly, eyes fluttering as he stretched. The sun
was beating through the windows, and he groaned, rolling
back onto his stomach with a grimace. Dammit, why hadnt he
closed the blinds last night?
Groaning he laid there for a few moments, caught in that half
asleep in-between place that felt like heaven. A bird cried out,
the sound echoing, and in the distance, he heard a rush of waves
buffeting the beach.
Voices on the wind.
A motorboat accelerating.
Motorboat?
Jacks eyes flew open. He turned to the side. Saw the empty
pillow. A strand of blond hair. His nostrils flared as he inhaled
sharply and yanked his head back the other way.
He was in Belize. In Donovans room.
He thought of the night before. Of the dock, slick with rain.
Of her body open and ready for him. Over and over again. How
many times had he had her? Listened to her come for him?
Holy hell he was hard with the memory of it and, Christ, his
mark was still on her.
He glanced down at himself, at the place on his lower hip
where hed once sported an intricate D in her honor. The tattoo
was long gone. Hurt like a son-of-a-bitch when hed had it
removed and though he didnt regret it, he was surprised shed
kept hers.
Jack was out of bed in a shot, striding through the guest
house. Donovan,
 he growled, already hungry for more. But
there was nothing. Only silence. What the hell?
He thought of the boat and voices and relaxed a bit, realizing
that she must be down at the docks with Roger and Mary.
Rubbing his hand over the stubble on his chin, Jack glanced
around, noticing a piece of paper on the counter in the kitchen.
It was pale pink and a frown fell over his face as he scooped it
up. There was no mistaking Donovans neat handwriting, and as
he unfolded the note her subtle scent filled the air. Dj vu
washed over him, along with a wave of anger.
A fucking note? Again?
He knew what it was going to say before he read it, and for a
moment, he considered crumpling the damn thing and tossing
it. The moment passed and Jack read the note. Just like before.
Jack,
Ive decided to head back early and let you stay here until the
time is up. I didnt wake you because I knew it would be awkward
and I didnt feel up to a scene. Last night was amazing, I want
you to know that, but it cant happen again. I meant it when I
said only one night. I wish you well, Jack. You have a bright
future and deserve to be happy. I only ask that you keep these
last few days under your hat. I need for this stay between the two
of us. I cant chance the press getting hold of the story. I hope
you understand.
W
12
ith a savage growl, Jack crumpled the paper and strode out of
the house, uncaring that his feet were bare or that he was as
naked as the day he was born. He was going to kill her.
By the time he reached the dock, his anger was black and the
scowl that sat on his features harsh. But there was no one there
to see it, because the place was deserted. He shaded his eyes and
gazed out over the water, but already she was lost to him.
Not for long,
 he muttered, eyes falling away from the sea.
He swore a blue streak and turned toward the guest house, but
only took a few steps before he spied something in the water
near shore. He hopped off the dock and his feet kicked up spray
near the edge. When he reached the spot, he grabbed up the
remnants of Donovans panties. The ones hed ripped off her the
night before.
He clutched them in his hand, a rage hed not felt in a long
time taking hold. She must think he was a damn idiot. No way
was he playing this game with her. Not again.
A ruthless grin took the place of his scowl and a new idea took
hold. Jack was done playing by her rules. It was about time
Donovan James learned what it felt like to lose.
TWENTY FOUR HOURS LATER, Jack was back in Florida. Grace had
already vacated his beach house and that was probably for the
best, because his anger was just as strong, and if anyone
deserved a taste of it, it was his sister. Hed called ahead to give
fair warning, and he wasnt surprised to find the place deserted.
He tossed his bag toward the general area of his bedroom and
was just fixing himself a stiff scotch when there was a soft rap at
his back door. He considered not answering the damn thing
its not as if he was expecting anyonebut then he heard
another knock and the distinct sound of the door squeaking
open.
What the hell? Jack figured it was either a Simon or a thief
and since he was pretty sure it wasnt a thief, he continued fixing
his drink.
Your dog shit in my flowers.
He grimaced. Great. Jack turned around and took a good long
sip from his tumbler as he eyed up his visitor.
Miss Ella.
James.
An eyebrow shot up. The woman called him James even
though Jack had told her several times that James had nothing to
do with his name. He was Jack. Nothing more, nothing less. Just,
Jack.
She was a small little woman with delicate features, and he
had a pretty good idea that she had been quite the beauty back in
the day. Her white hair was pulled into a casual bun that sat at
the nape of her neck, her lips were bright pink. She wore a dress
that dwarfed her frame, the black and yellow print god-awful to
look at coupled with the purple rain boots she wore. A red rose
was stuck haphazardly into her hair, and it was in danger of
falling out.
Coco, the little shit in question, sat in her arms as if he had
every right to be there, panting happily, looking between the
both of them.
Can I get you a drink? he asked, not because he was being
polite but because he already knew the answer.
I dont drink and neither should you.
She really was the crankiest person hed ever met.
Ah,
 he replied conversationally. But everyones allowed a
vice or two, dont you think?
She let Coco jump to the floor and smoothed the big wrinkles
in her dress. But when she glanced up at him, for just that one
second Jack caught a glimpse of something hed never seen
before. He wasnt exactly sure what it was, and it was gone
before he could get a handle on it, but there were more layers to
Miss Ella than he thought.
So where were you? she ignored his question with one of
her own and helped herself to an overly ripe apple in the basket
on the counter.
Did you miss me? Jack downed his drink and poured
himself another. His mood was still black, but it was easing a bit.
He wasnt sure if it was because the scotch was just that damn
good, or if Miss Ella was taking the edge off.
She scowled. What in tarnation did Grace do to her hair?
She clucked and bit into the apple. I told that girl there was no
way in hell any man in his right mind would look twice at a
woman with hair like hers.
Miss Ella looked up at him. Do you know what she told me?
Jack shook his head, enjoying the burn from his scotch and
thinking a couple more should just about do it.
She told me that she didnt give a damn. Miss Ella took
another bite. Imagine that. A girl that young and already so
jaded. Makes you wonder.
Hmmm? he asked, not really paying attention.
Makes you wonder whats wrong with all you Simons.
Jack tried to hide a grin but wasnt entirely successful, judging
from the dark look on Ellas face.
I watch that there Hollywood Tattler, and I know that most
of you are up to no good.
Jesus, Jack thought, glancing at the clock. Im gonna need
another bottle of scotch to get me through.
Its a miracle that your brother Beau is settled. My goodness,
that boy was dipping his wick into more places than was
proper.
Jack nearly lost a mouthful of scotch at that comment and had
to turn away and clear his throat.
And your cousin Cooper. Well, hes nothing but a hound dog.
Why just last week, he was seen leaving some married womans
house. Her eyes got narrow with disgust. A married womans
house.
Huh. That was new. Jack wondered who she was.
And you She was glaring at him now so Jack set down his
empty tumbler on the counter.
Ella
Its Miss Ella to you Jack Simon. Ive got at least forty years
on you, and that demands a certain amount of respect. It also
means that Ive got some advice to hand out, and youre going to
listen.
Jack shrugged. Go ahead, Miss Ella. Im all ears. He knew
she wouldnt stop until she said her piece, shed been like that
from the day he moved in.
I know you think Im just some strange old lady with no
family or friends, and well, youd be right about that. Im coming
up on eighty years, and Im alone. My son hasnt talked to me in
nearly twenty-five years. I have a great grandchild, a little boy
who Ive never met.
Miss Ella stared down at the half eaten apple in her hands,
and Jack noticed that they were trembling. He watched her
closely, unsure of what the hell was happening. First off he had
no idea she had a son, and secondly, hed never seen this side of
her. Shed been a pain in his butt for years now, but theyd never
had a conversation like this.
I wasnt always this way,
 she said slowly. She glanced up at
him, her faded blue eyes glassy. Everyone has a story, James.
Mines pretty much done but you have so much time. Her voice
trailed off leaving only silence.
Miss Ella,
 he said gently.
But again she ignored him.
Do you love that there Donovan James?
Like a wash of cold water, any empathy he felt fled as soon as
he heard her name.
No.
I dont believe you.
Jack was done. This is going to sound harsh Miss Ella, but I
dont particularly care whether you believe me or not.
I guess thats your prerogative,
 she said walking over to
sink and tossing her apple core into the trash. She mumbled
something under her breath, grabbed the rose from her hair and
tossed it into the garbage as well.
Everyone has a story,
 she said once more. Sometimes we
need to listen for the words. We need to hear them even if
theyre unspoken. She was quiet for a few moments and then
squared her shoulders, before pointing at Coco. Id appreciate it
if youd keep your dog out of my gardens.
She slipped past him, and a few moments later he heard the
back door squeak shut.
What. The. Hell. She really was the weirdest old lady hed ever
known.
Jack frowned and reached for the scotch. He planned on
finishing the entire bottle, because it was that damned good. It
would help him sleep. His PA had him booked on an early flight
to New York where Donovan was scheduled to perform on one of
the late night shows.
She had no idea he was coming after her. And no it wasnt
about love. It was about retribution. Payback. Balance. There was
no love involved. That was long gone. Dead and buried. Lust did
not equate love.
He took another sip of scotch and stared into the amber
liquid, swirling it around slowly.
That was his story. He had no idea how it was going to end,
but he was guessing he was going to find out.
A
13
nd now, lets talk about your personal life.
Donovan kept her fake smile in place as she gazed up at the
man behind the desk. Not hard to doshed been practicing it
for years now. She was in a studio taping a segment for Later
Tonight with Hugh Dexler, and the ten minute segment was the
longest one shed done in ages. The guy was funny as hell, but he
wasnt following the damn script. Shed made it more than clear
that she wasnt talking about her personal life. This appearance
was all about promoting an independent film shed written
music for.
Note to self. Never agree to appear on Hughs show again.
Maverick Simon was off stage, and he smiled, giving her the
thumbs up because he knew that if she could jump over the desk
and strangle Hugh Dexler, she would.
Damn Simons. She couldnt cut them out of her life if she
wanted to. This project was Mavericks baby, one he was working
on with his cousin Beau, and she hadnt been able to refuse him
when hed asked her to write some music for it. In fact, the
songs shed written for this particular project had pretty much
gotten her through the last twelve months.
In a year that had been chaotic at best, this one thing had

been her salvation. The fact that the ride was over was
unsettling.
And Donovan hated that feeling. She liked to know what was
coming around the bend, which was why the whole thing with
Jack was so screwed up. He was a roadblock she couldnt tangle
with.
Shit. Focus.
The crowd was laughing so she assumed her response to
whatever idiotic question Hugh had just posed was spot on.
Gathering her wits about her, she kept that stupid fake smile in
place and listened.
Can we talk about the late night visit in Miami with none
other than the hottest politician on the planet? Hugh pushed
his glasses back a bit and smiled down at her.
Sweet Jesus. Mary. And Joseph.
She needed the strength of the trifecta, because she was
going to reach over and do some harm to the overly tanned and
overly botoxed face that stared back at her in glee. Why hadnt
she ever noticed that? She didnt trust the botox. Sure a little bit
here and there was fine, but when your entire face didnt move,
well, that was a problem. It meant that you were hiding
something or running from something and in Donovans books,
that meant you couldnt be trusted.
Donovan kept her game face on. We could.
Hugh leaned closer. God, his teeth were too white.
But then Id have to kill you.
The audience laughed and Hugh shook his head, grinning into
the camera. There you have it my friends. If I dont wake up
tomorrow, you all know that Donovan James had something to
do with it. He winked. And that would mean that I finally
managed to get the scoop on Jack Simon. Of course I wouldnt be
able to share it with all of you, but Id die a happy man because
that man right there, is the sexiest man alive. I really dont care
what People Magazine says. Um, Brad Pitt who?
Again more audience laughter, and it took all she had to make
it through that segment to the musical guest spot.
Donovan got through her live performance with Rick,
otherwise known as Maverick, and less than forty-five minutes
later, she was in a limo with him.
Sorry about that,
 Maverick said. Hes had a thing for Jack
for years. He should just come out of the closet already.
Hugh Dexler is gay? she asked, her face deadpan, her
sarcasm deep.
Maverick chuckled. He was her best friend and knew
everything about her sad, pathetic life. But even he didnt know
all the details about what had happened with Derek. That was
her shame. She hadnt seen Rick since before the fundraiser and
until now hadnt realized how much she missed him. She leaned
back in her seat and sighed.
So, Grace pulled a fast one.
He was staring out the window and turned when she spoke.
What was that?
Grace. She broke up with Liam.
Not surprised.
Really? She arched an eyebrow.
Shes an intense girl. and that guy was all about partying.
They werent a good match.
Donovan sighed. Well, she convinced me to use her vacation
time on this beautiful island off the coast of Belize.
And? Ricks hair was on the long side, and he tucked a piece
behind his ear, watching her intently. As per the Simon genes,
he was a winner in the looks department. Tall, athletic, and
handsome, this Simon had a soulful side to him and the women
ate it up like candy. They loved his bohemian look, his talent
with a guitar and man, the guy could sing. He was a true artist
and was at home writing screenplays, painting with oils or
recording in a studio.
Right now his brown eyes were questioning, and he knew
something was up. Rick knew her better than anyone, and she
wished with all her heart that he was the Simon she loved.
Jack showed up.
Shit.
Yeah. She nodded. More like shit-storm.
Why the hell would Grace do that?
Donovan was silent for a few seconds, eyes on the traffic
beside them. She still believes in love I guess.
Well Christ I hope so. Shes still a baby. He paused. What
happened?
That big ball of emotion was back, and Donovan had to take a
few seconds before she could speak.
What do you think happened? she managed to say. He was
pissed off. I was shocked. We did some fighting. We did some
ignoring. Some more fighting. He pissed me off again. And then
we
She blew out a long breath and whispered. And then we had
sex.
Fucking hell.
More than once.
Maverick sat up straight. Are you guys back together?
She shook her head, eyes on her fingers as she twisted a
napkin between them. No. Thats never going to happen.
That doesnt make any sense, considering Ive never met
two people more into each other than you guys. Why dont you
just see if you can work things out? I know something bad went
down way back when, but baby, life is short. None of us know
when our last moment is gonna be. Thats why you need to fix
this. Live every moment with all that passion inside you, but live
it with the guy you love because if you dont, what the hell is the
point?
If only she could.
I cant,
 she whispered.
Maverick pulled her into his arms, and it was all Donovan
could do to keep herself from sobbing like a baby.
You cant tell anyone, not even Cooper. Hes the last person
on this planet who can know. If he found out She exhaled
shakily. God I should have just kept my mouth shut.
She didnt have to see Ricks face to know he was scowling
something fierce. What the hell does my brother have to do
with anything?
She thought of Coopers threat. Everything,
 she whispered.
Rick, promise you wont say a word about me and Jack. I cant
have that getting out. There are things you dont know andJack
would never forgive me.
Mavericks eyes glittered in the dark, his handsome face dark
and angry. You still love him.
This was Rick. She couldnt lie.
Yes.
But you dont want to be with him.
More like, cant. Now was the time to lie. Yes,
 she
whispered.
Thats messed up.
She laughed at that. Yes.
The car came to a halt, and she peeked out. They were parked
in front of a pub. A couple guys were out front having a smoke
and a few women hung back to chat them up. It didnt look
trendy or hip, but it had an interesting name. The Black Dog
stared back at her.
You coming in? The place belongs to Abbys family, Tuckers
girl. Thought Id check it out. I hear they have live music.
No,
 she said gently, pushing Maverick away. Im heading
back to the hotel. Flying to LA in the morning.
You look like you need a drink.
I do,
 she said, attempting a smile. I just prefer to drink
alone tonight.
Rick hesitated. Are you sure?
Go. Ill talk to you in the morning.
She gave him a quick kiss and then directed the driver to her
hotel. It was a hot summer night, and the streets were full.
Families. Teenagers. Tourists. At a stoplight Donovan watched a
couple strolling hand in hand. The man was listening to
whatever his girl was saying, his face so full of love that it made
Donovans heart ache. She wanted that. She wanted that so
much.
When he laughed and pulled her in for a kiss Donovan wanted
to look away, but couldnt. From the shadows of the backseat she
watched him cup his lovers face, before claiming her all too
willing mouth. The kiss was a lingering passionate one, and they
didnt give a damn that they were in the middle of the sidewalk.
Several catcalls rang out and when the couple finally parted, they
were both laughing, his hands never left her face.
Donovan sank back into her seat, hating the wave of jealousy
that rolled over her. But she couldnt help it. How could she?
That nameless couple had everything she wanted and it was
everything she would never have.
At least I have Belize,
 she whispered to herself, cheeks
flushing as she thought of Jack between her legs, his mouth on
her.
When they pulled up to the Hyatt-Regency, Donovan scowled.
Paparazzi milled about, joking with each other as they scanned
the incoming cars for celebs. Why hadnt she thought of
security?
Oh. Right.
Shed fired her mom, and that was one of the things Jayleigh
looked after. Shit,
 she muttered, shaking her head. Because
shed been with Maverick, security hadnt crossed her mind and
since her private bodyguard, Michael, was on holiday she hadnt
seen the point. Along with a new manager, shed have to look
into hiring security.
For a moment she stared out the window, not knowing what
to do.
Would you like me to get a porter for you Miss James?
The driver, an older man with the world weary look of
someone whos seen a lot, gazed at her through his rear-view
mirror. Something about the look in his eyes (concern maybe?)
made that stupid lump in her throat swell even more and, shit,
was she going to cry?
Ill be fine. Thank you. Sure. As fine as a lamb about to be
slaughtered. The Miami incident was still in the press, and she
knew it was the first thing theyd ask her.
The driver glanced out at the throng of photographers and
shook his head, muttering,
vultures.
He opened up his door and stepped out, waving for a porter as
he made his way to Donovans side. He opened the door and held
his hand out. Ill get you inside safely.
Donovan felt a tear slide down from the corner of her eyes
and wiped at it. Dammit. She needed to get her shit together.
You dont
Your friend, Mr. Simon would want that, and besides. He
winked and grasped her hand. Cheatin And Lyin is one of my
all time favorite songs. Your guitar work is gorgeous in that
piece. Its the least I can do.
Thank you,
 she murmured, before inhaling a deep breath
and stepping from the limo.
The fake smile that shed utilized so well taping Later
Tonight, was in place, and she held her head high as she took the
drivers hand. A shout went up and several porters appeared just
as the crowd surged forward. Flashbulbs went off and she was
blinded. If not for the warm, gentle hand at her elbow, Donovan
wasnt sure she would have made it inside. As it was, she cringed
at some of the comments thrown her way. Most of the time she
ignored them, but one caught her attention and she glanced to
her right.
What did you say? she asked, ignoring the flash as the
paparazzi continued to shoot.
A tall, thin man wearing a blue beanie, black T-shirt and
khakis, smiled at her as if they were old friends.
I asked who it was you were fucking in Belize.
The porters were now standing between Donovan and the
crowd, but she ignored everyone, her focus and growing anger on
the insolent son-of-a-bitch whose smile she wanted to smack
off his face.
Whats your name sweetie? she asked, conversationally,
her voice dripping sugar.
He looked surprised at that, but one thing her mama had
always taught her was that the only way to catch a fly was with
sugar. Jason.
Jason,
 Donovan said, smiling sweetly. Didnt your mama
ever teach you manners? Not only was that on offensive thing
you just said, but honestly, its none of yalls business who Im
fucking. She motioned toward a redhead in the back. David.
Dont you guys have a code or something? I might have to think
real hard about posing for pictures in the future if this is the kind
of crowd youre all hanging with.
As much as Donovan hated the paps, they were a disease that
wouldnt go away and over the past few years, shed cultivated a
relationship with several of them. They treated her with respect
and in return, she gave them exclusives. David was one of those
guys.
Jasons an asshole, Donovan,
 David said, jostling through
the crowd and glaring at the man in question.
Donovans smile widened. Thats my impression too. Id
sure appreciate it if yall would make sure Jason-the-asshole
moves along.
Will do, Donovan.
Good. She winked at David. Thanks a bunch.
Five minutes later, she slid her key card into the VIP suite and
entered her room. The lights were muted, the shades open,
allowing the evening stars and impressive city lights, inside.
Normally she would have enjoyed the quiet and beauty, but
her fragile mood had been shattered by the vulgar paparazzi.
Kicking off her black Jimmy Choos, she started to shimmy out of
her short fire-engine red skirt but paused, the hairs on the back
of her neck standing on end.
Her heart took off as she inhaled sharply, her nostrils flaring.
She knew that scent. She knew it intimately.
Donovan felt him before she saw him.
Turning around slowly, her gaze landed on the man emerging
from shadows that blanketed the corner of her suite.
Jack Simon looked like a hunter, his dark eyes glittering with
an all too familiar dislike as he strode toward her. It was a look
she was hoping never to see again, but after the stunt she just
pulled, what did she expect?
He wore faded jeans, a white shirt unbuttoned enough that
she could glimpse his impressive chest, with the sleeves rolled
up exposing tanned forearms. With feet shoved into
Birkenstocks, Jack was casual and dangerous and sexy as hell.
Already her fast beating heart was making her weak, and the
need to touch him was so strong she had to force herself to stand
still.
Throat tight, she couldnt speak. Not yet anyway.
Donovan,
 he said, his tone conversational. But she caught
the hint of winter that coated his voice, and she shuddered when
his eyes made their way from the top of her head down to her
bare toes.
It took a bit, but Donovan was able to form a somewhat
coherent thought. How did you...why are But her voice
trailed off as things came into focus.
How? He was a Simon and nothing he did surprised her. Why?
That question scared the crap out of her.
Were not done,
 Jack said, that hint of danger back in his
voice. His eyes were flat, and a shiver shot through her. Were
far from done.
Shit. Damn. And fuck.
J
14
ack watched Donovan closely. She was pale, and there were
circles under her eyes which told him she wasnt sleeping too
well. Maybe it wasnt right, but that thought gave him some
pleasure. With her hair loose and the lighting dim, her delicate
features were much more pronounced. Her feet were bare, and
she looked fragile as hell, but he knew that Donovan James was
about as far from fragile as you could get.
In fact, if she was a man he was pretty sure shed be packing a
pair of steel balls between her legs. He wasnt going to let her
fool him again.
He shoved his hands into the front pockets of his jeans and
leaned against the white leather sofa.
How was the taping? he asked.
If she was surprised at his question, she didnt show it. How
did you know about that?
I made it my business to know.
She ignored him and those invisible steel balls were well in
play as she crossed to the kitchenette and helped herself to a
glass of water. Donovan took a sip and traced the moisture along
the rim with her forefinger as if it was the most interesting thing
shed ever seen.
What are we doing here, Jack?
He liked this. Cutting to the chase was a good thing. He was
done playing games.
Are you on the pill? Using any type of contraceptive?
Her head shot up so fast Jack was surprised her neck didnt
crack. Mouth open, it took a few seconds for her to respond.
What the hell kind of question is that? Her words were
sharp and he knew that she was upset. Good. He wanted her off
balance.
She slammed her glass onto the dark granite with enough
force that it should have shattered. Donovan marched toward
him but stopped a few feet away, chest heaving, cheeks red and
that silky hair flying all over the place.
Its a valid one from where Im standing. Are you going to
answer it? Jack pushed off from the sofa, his anger barely in
check. If memory serves, the pill wasnt your friend when we
were together. You went off it three months in because it made
you feel like shit.
I She blew a strand of hair off her face. Thats none of
your
He took the last few strides until he was inches from her.
How many times did we have sex?
Her bottom lip trembled, and he supposed he should feel like
a bastard but he didnt. All he could think about was the fact that
shed used him to get her rocks off and had the audacity to blow
him off with nothing but a note. Again.
Not this time.
You got nothing? he said. Let me paint the picture for you,
Donnie. We had sex on the dock. Once in the shower and two and
half times in your bed.
Her chest heaved rapidly, and he heard her panting through
her teeth. What the hell is a half time? she snapped.
He smiled, though it didnt reach his eyes. I dont count
blowjobs as the full deal.
Her face went white, and she took a step back. But he wasnt
giving her an inch.
Are you on the pill or not? Its an easy question. He
watched her closely, waiting for the answer. If she was? Hed be
on a plane back to Florida, and hed never see her again. But if
she wasntwell, that changed things completely.
Donovans eyes slid from his, her toes dug into the soft carpet
as she wrapped her arms around herself.
My personal situation isnt any of your business,
 she
whispered.
Jack was silent for a few moments, watching her face change
as her mind went full speed ahead. Hed had some time to think
about this, but she obviously hadnt done the same.
We had unprotected sex four times.
Donovan took a few moments and blew out a breath, but she
wouldnt look him in the eye. Look. We were stupid. It
happens. If you need a medial report or whatever, I can get it for
you. Im clean, I mean, I dont have any kind of STD if thats
what youre worried about.
She was talking fast which told Jack just how rattled she was,
and her tongue kept poking out to lick the corner of her mouth
another telltale sign that she was upset. And then there was the
tick. The one that told him she was close to losing it.
Good to know,
 he replied, conversationally. And likewise.
I just had a medical a few weeks ago, and Im as healthy as a
horse.
Okay,
 she said, attempting a smile and failing miserably.
Good. Were good.
No,
 Jack said softly. Were far from good.
But
You could be pregnant.
I she shook her head and took another step back. But
Ino. Her voice trembled. Shit.
Jack let the information settle before moving in for the kill.
He kept his voice neutral, and that was an accomplishment
considering the anger he felt was close to explosive.
Do you have your passport still with you?
What?
Your passport. Do you have it on you.
She nodded, face white.
Good. Tomorrow were flying to my familys place in
Northern Ontario.
Ontario?
Gravenhurst. Weve got a place on the lake. I took you there
once. Thanksgiving I believe. Well be there for as long as it
takes to figure this out.
As long as it takes? Figure what out? she exploded. Im
not going anywhere with you.
You are.
She shook her head. Im flying to LA tomorrow.
Youre not.
What the hell? Youre overreacting, Jack. Seriously, think
about this.
He interrupted her. Trust me, Ive done nothing but think
about it since I woke up alone with nothing but your goddamn
note.
Jack, Im sorry about that. I justat the time it seemed
The easy way out?
She had no answer for that so he continued. Your note was
pretty specific. Keep this under your hat, I think it said. You
come with me or every news outlet will know we were there
together.
Huge eyes looked up at him. This is a crazy idea,
 she said,
finally taking a step back. The only way youll get me to Canada
is toto kidnap me.
Im fine with that.
Her eyes widened even more, her lower lip trembled, and it
was a shaky hand that pushed a bunch of hair off her shoulder.
I wont go. I cant go. Ive gotIm supposed to be writing new
material for my next CD and Ive got more promo scheduled for
Mavericks indie movie.
Do whatever the hell you need to do, but youre coming with
me.
Why would you want me to go to Canada with you?
Especially after what happened in Belize?
Afraid you wont be able to keep your hands off me? Dont
worry about it, Donnie. The last time we had sex was the last
time. What happened in Belize was a physical release. A
convenient screw. Nothing more. It wont happen again.
She winced and smoothed the front of her skirt, chin jutted
out as she gazed up at him. Shed recovered some of her fire and
looked fierce. Four and a half convenient screws? Wow. That
says something. Im just not exactly sure what that is.
The half doesnt count, remember?
She looked so damn angry that he was sure she was going to
hit him. Her eyes were on fireeverything about her was vibrant
and pulsing with life. And God help him, the fighting made him
feel something he hadnt in a long time. It was that something
he should probably pay attention to, but right now, it was the
last thing on his mind.
You make me crazy,
 she said. Let me get this straight. You
want me to go with you to Gravenhurst for two, maybe three
weeks.
Yeah.
Because you think youve got super sperm and I might be
pregnant.
Partly.
And if I dont go, youll leak Belize to the press.
Right again.
Why?
His anger flared. Why are you so damned determined to keep
Belize a secret?
Thats what this is about? Your pride? Youre pissed off,
because I dont want the general public to know that I was with
you?
No, Donovan,
 he replied. Its about a hell of a lot more.
She looked like she wanted to throw something. But
underneath all of that he sensed her panic.
Im not going. That idea is so wrong on so many levels, I
dont even have the time to list them. If the press finds out
The press will find out if you dont come to Gravenhurst.
He watched her closely. Saw the fear return. And knew he was
onto something. Her fearthat right there was his bargaining
chip. And he wasnt so sure what it said about his character, but
he was gonna jump on that.
Why are you doing this? she asked.
There it was, that fear again.
Jack spoke slowly so there was no way Donovan would
misunderstand. Im doing this because I can. Because contrary
to what most of America thinks, Im not a golden boy. Im a
bastard through and through. Its what makes me a great
businessman and an even better politician. I dont like to lose,
remember?
He let that sink in for good measure. Youre hiding
something, and Im going to find out exactly what it is. Maybe
then hed finally get her out of his system enough to deal with a
possible child rationally.
You cant.Im not. She gulped. This is so wrong, Jack.
Her breath caught once more, and she had to take a moment.
So wrong. Just let me go home and well talk when I
know...when I know if Im pregnant. Which Im probably not. I
mean, come on, the chances of that are pretty slim. She
exhaled and whispered. Please. Let me go.
Jack knew that whatever it was she was hiding went way
beyond a possible pregnancy. For her to beg? That wasnt
Donovan James. She didnt take shit from anyone. His resolve
toughened. The two of them had a lot of issues that had never
been addressed, and it was damn well time to put them to rest.
He pointed toward the seating area. Ill take the sofa. You
might try getting a good nights sleepour flight is an early
one.
Donovan glanced out into the darkness, just beyond the wall
to wall window. Who knows about this? she asked. About
Belize andthe rest.
No one,
 he replied.
She turned back to him. If I come. If I do this, you have to
promise me no one finds out. No one can know.
Thats your call.
She laughed, a bitter sound. I wish it was. And turned
without another word.
Jack watched until she disappeared into the bedroom. The
anger that boiled inside him was still there, and the satisfaction
he was waiting for wasnt coming.
In fact he felt like shit.
He eased back onto the sofa and tried to ignore the voice in
the back of his head. The one that kept asking, Are you crazy?
Have you totally lost it?
He closed his eyes. One way or another, he was going to find
out.
A
15
re you out of your goddamn mind?
Donovan winced as Mavericks voice filled her ear. Shed
waited to call him from the private plane Jack had chartered.
Their flight was delayed a bit as they had to update the manifest
with her passport information and file the necessary paperwork.
Jack was chatting with the pilot, and damn him, he looked
well rested and as handsome as ever. She, on the other hand,
looked like absolute crap. Her hair was tied back in a loose pony,
and she was dressed in sweatsnot the trendy kind you could
get away with wearing in public, but her old ratty favorites.
Heck, there was even a hole in the butt of her track pants, but
she didnt give a crap. She wasnt feeling the need to look good
for anyone right now. In fact shed hardly slept and a bed was
looking real good.
She rubbed her fingers along her forehead, feeling a tension
headache coming on.
Donovan? Are you still there?
Yep,
 she whispered, trying to quell the nerves in her
stomach. She still had no idea what Jack was planning or why
hed come up with such a ridiculous plan, but at the moment she
was stuck. No way could she let him leak their rendezvous to the

press. Cooper would be all over that, and she couldnt let that
happen. Ironic really, that she was willing to do this in order to
protect Jack.
In order to protect yourself, she thought. Her stomach rolled
and she wasnt sure if the wave of nausea was because she was
overtired, freaked out and just plain scared. Or if she was
God, what a mess.
What the hell? Maverick said gruffly.
Rick, you wouldnt believe me if I told you.
Less than twelve hours ago, you told me that you and Jack
would never be a thing. Now youre heading to Gravenhurst with
him?
Thats about right.
And you want this.
I do.
Youre lying.
I might be.
Maverick swore under his breath. You sound like shit.
I look even worse,
 she joked. But the joke fell flat, and
silence filled her ear.
What happened last night? he asked.
Nothing.
Bullshit. That was the thing about Maverick. He saw
through her in a way no one else could. Other than Jack.
Its a long, complicated story and maybe I should be writing
down some words because lord knows this would make a hit
song.
Look if youre not okay with this, just say the word and Im
up there. Ive known Jack my whole life, and he can be a
downright bastard when he wants to be.
No shit,
 she murmured, eyes back on Jack as he shook the
pilots hand. I have to go.
Donovan, are you sure you dont want me to come and get
you?
Im sure. Truthfully she wasnt sure about anything. Jack
hated her. That was pretty obvious. She didnt blame him. In his
eyes, shed used him and tossed him aside. More than once.
His reasons for blackmailing her into going with him to
Gravenhurst werent exactly clear though. And the pregnancy
thing? Her stomach rolled again just thinking about it. She
wasnt ready to have a child. Especially with a man who didnt
like or respect her all that much.
Whose fault is that?
Lordy, but her life really sucked at the moment.
Look, Im heading back to LA, but you say the word and Im
there for you. Got it? Maverick said quietly.
Okay,
 she replied, trying like hell to stop the hot tears she
felt pricking the side of her eyes.
Maybe this is a second chance for you guys.
Youre such a romantic,
 she whispered, sitting up as Jack
glanced back. I really have to go. Ill talk to you in a bit.
She tossed her cell back into her large Kate Spade bag and
rooted around for her sunglasses. Once she had the over-sized
Guccis in hand, she slipped them onto her face and ignored Jack
as he slid into the seat across from her.
She flipped through a fashion magazine, but didnt see a
thing. Jack was on his cellphone and when she heard the name
Derek, she froze.
Im gonna be up north for a few weeks. If anything
important comes up, you can get in touch with me there.
Turning a page, she pretended to read the article in front of
her, but her ears were all on Jack.
Nah, just relaxing. I took your word and decided that an
extended vacation was in order. A pause. Monique? Another
pause. Ill think about it. Look, were about to take off, just
keep me in the loop. Ill be working out of the office up there.
Donovan kept her eyes glued to the magazine in her lap, even
though it was now rolled up and she had no memory of doing
that.
Miss Donovan? Please fasten your seatbelt. Were about to
take off. The flight attendant, Dawn, was one of Jacks people.
Oh, sorry. She nodded, did up her seatbelt and glanced over
to Jack. He was busy sending a text and looked up just as the
attendant leaned over. He smiled at the woman and just for one
second, Donovan was lost in his eyes, in the beauty of his smile.
She knew what it was like to be on the receiving end and could
visualize the womans blush.
The spell was broken when Jacks eyes slid to Donovan, and
all pretense of politeness vanished. She held his gazewasnt
giving him an inchbut the victory felt hollow when he relaxed
in his seat and reached for his tablet.
She turned toward her window as the plane began to move.
Oh Donnie, she thought. What the hell have you gotten yourself
into?
THEY ARRIVED at the Simon family home in Gravenhurst around one
in the afternoon. The place was as beautiful as she remembered,
more so, since the late July weather was incredible. Not nearly as
muggy as Florida, nor as stuffy as New York City, it was a little
piece of heaven on earth. The water sparkled, the air was fresh
and the house was as picture perfect as a postcard. Set on a slight
rise overlooking the beach and boathouse, the pale yellow home
boasted an impressive number of windows, white trim, a wrap
around porch that would make any southern lady jealous, and an
amazing view of Lake Muskoka.
Donovan spotted several boaters crossing a few miles out,
kids tubing and yelling crazily as they whipped across the blue
waves. They looked carefree and happysomething Donovan
had never been as a child.
Ah, man, Coco. What the hell have you got there?
Donovan turned around. Jack was in the process of unloading
his truck and glared across the driveway at a defiant little critter
who was staring back at him withwas that a dead animal in its
mouth?
She hadnt realized the dog had been crated on the plane until
theyd landed, and though shed been dying to comment on his
little friend, shed kept her mouth shut. After all, they were in
that ignoring-each-other-stage at the moment.
She watched Jack closely, saw the muscle work its way across
his jaw, and she knew he was about to lose it. The dog shook its
head as if to say,
hey, look at this and Jack swore.
She couldnt help it. After several tense hours of travel, a
smile tugged the corner of her mouth. It wasnt that shed never
pictured Jack with a dog, shed just never pictured him with one
that she could fit into her Kate Spade.
Coco dropped whatever dead animal he had found and then
proceeded to roll overtop of it.
Youve got to be kidding me,
 Jack growled. He glanced up at
Donovan, both hands busy with luggage. Can you do something
about that?
Not my dog,
 she replied, before scooping up her guitar case
and heading into the house. No way was she making this easy for
him. He had pretty much blackmailed her into spending the next
few weeks up here, and he could damn well put up with a bit of
attitude.
The main room was massive, open concept, with wall to wall
windows along the lake side, letting in the beauty of the
outdoors. Sun spilled inside, coloring the dark hardwood, the
cream granite, and whitewashed cupboards in a halo of light.
Luxurious without being pretentious, the house was a testament
to Jacks mothers taste. It was understated, elegant, and
Donovan had fallen in love with it the first time shed come up
with Jack.
With a sigh, she set down her guitar and glanced up.
There were several bedrooms just off of the walkway that
encircled  of the great room, though the last time shed been
here with Jack, theyd slept outside in the bunky. It had been
more private and back then, they were all about privacy. Back
then, they made love whenever they could.
The door slammed open behind her, and she jumped, barely
avoiding the small bundle of fur that darted past her and jumped
onto a chair before coming to a halt on the granite island in the
kitchen. Waving its tail madly, the little thing practically shook
with excitement.
I would have pictured a golden retriever.
Jack walked past her and set down the bags, scowling in the
general direction of the dog.
Trust me, he wasnt my idea.
Curiosity piqued, Donovan was silent for a few moments but
then she couldnt help herself. So, whose idea was he?
Jack swung his gaze her way, his mood obviously black.
Moniques.
Ah,
 she murmured. I didnt realize your relationship with
Monique had evolved to the pet stage.
The thought of Jack and Monique living together with a dog
wasnt something she wanted to think about.
So what happened? she asked.
You did.
Heart pounding, Donovan was silent for a few moments.
Miami. Shit.
Im sorry,
 she replied, when she could speak.
You should be,
 Jack said. Thanks to you, Im stuck with
this little pain in the ass.
Coco hopped down and began to run circles around Jacks legs
and even though he said he didnt care for the bundle of fur, she
watched him scoop up the little creature and rummage in the
pantry until he found a box of biscuits. Something about
watching this larger than life guy be so gentle with an animal not
much bigger than his hand did something to Donovan.
Chest tight, she grabbed her bags. If she was going to be stuck
here for the next few weeks, she was going to play it cool. She
had to shut down the emotional shit because it would only bite
her in the ass.
She also needed to contact her publicist, and she should at
least call her mother. Their relationship was strained at the
moment, but her mom would notice if she dropped off the radar,
and Donovan didnt need Jayleigh poking around. Her mother
would see this as nothing more than publicity, and lord knows
what she would do if she found out Donovan was up here with
Jack.
Which room should I take?
He turned then and her mouth went dry at the look in his
eyes. Was he remembering the last time theyd been here?
Jack held her gaze for a few heartbeats and then spoke. Im
the last room on the left, you can take whichever you like.
Just then there was a sharp rap at the back door and before
either one of them could move, a little boy rushed into the
house. Blond hair on the long side, the kid was dressed in a
bathing suit and nothing else. His cheeks were still full with
baby fat, his belly round and full, and if Donovan had to guess,
shed say the little guy was about five or six.
Uncle Jack! I saw your truck and I just knew it was you!
Wait. Uncle Jack? She knew all of Jacks brothers and none of
them had kids.
Donovan watched with interest as the boy threw himself at
Jack, who barely managed to catch him and not drop Coco.
Hey buddy. I didnt know your parents were up.
The kid nodded excitedly, his chubby hands encircling Jacks
face in an endearing way that made Donovans heart turn over.
They are. Weve been here for days and days and days. The
little boy reached for Coco. You still have him.
Jack was smiling now. I do.
The boy scrunched up his face, petting the top of Cocos head,
his eyes still on Jack as if he was the most important man on the
planet. But I thought you said he was a pain in the
Harry, lets not repeat anything I say, okay buddy? Code,
little man. Code.
Hello? Jack? A woman pushed open the door and strode
into the house, a big smile on her face when she saw him. I
thought that was your truck.
Sabrina,
 he said, flashing that warm smile again. What
gives? You guys are usually up in August.
Yeah, well Brett had surgery, and were up here relaxing.
Instant concern lit up Jacks eyes. Surgery?
Yep,
 Harry said excitedly. Daddy had a thing taken out of
his stomach. Like a ball. Mommy says it was as big as a
grapefruit.
Donovan swallowed hard at the look in Sabrinas eyes. She
was small, with short dark hair and elfin features that were
delicate. Huge eyes stared up at Jack, and they couldnt hide the
sadness. In fact, they were so expressive that Donovan felt the
womans pain as it was a living, breathing thing.
She had a vague recollection of meeting Sabrina the one time
shed been here, but couldnt picture her husband Brett. They
were close friends if she wasnt mistaken. For Harry to call Jack,
Uncle, very close friends it seemed.
I didnt know,
 Jack said, letting Harry down as Coco
struggled to jump as well.
Weve kept it pretty quiet. Not saying much. Its what Brett
wants, you know?
Who are you? Harry walked over to Donovan, his
expression curious. Youre pretty,
 he said, with a grin that
Donovan couldnt ignore.
She held out her hand and accepted his in an exaggerated
shake. My name is Donovan. Nice to meet you Harry.
That sounds like a boys name.
Harry! What a thing to say. Sabrina smiled widely and
glanced up at Jack. So, Hollywood Tattler got something right
for a change. Congrats. When did you guys get back together?
Oh, no werewere ah But Donovans tongue was all
tied up in knots as alarm set it. She glanced at Jack, and he must
have sensed her panic.
Sabrina, this isnt what it looks like.
Uh huh,
 Sabrina replied, smile still in place as she glanced
over to Donovan.
Were hoping for a bit of quiet to sort through some things. I
hope you understand that this cant get out, or theyll be a shitstorm
of media,
 Jack continued.
You dont have to worry about us spilling anything, but Jack,
Im calling bullshit on this right now.
Harry jumped up and down at that and gave Jack a big highfive.
Youre here for two whole weeks? Awesome! I have to tell
Morgan.
Morgan? Donovan squeaked. Jesus. How many of them
were there?
His twin,
 Sabrina said with a laugh. Im just so happy for
the both of you. You guys are meant to be together. I told Jack
that the last time he was here with that Monique. Dont get me
wrong. She was a nice lady and all, just not his type.
Whats my type? Jack asked lightly.
Anyone who wont take your shit. She winked. I wont tell
a soul that youre here. God, Bretts gonna love this. Hes a huge
fan. She glanced between the two of them. Youll come for
supper? Ive got salmon for the grill. Brett will love it.
Sabrina looked so happy, her sadness wiped out at the
thought of true love, that Donovan felt herself caving.
Mommys making peas, too, but you dont have to eat them
if you dont like them. I hate peas. Harry high-fived Jack once
more and disappeared out the door, yelling for his brother or
sister, Donovan wasnt sure which, as the door slammed shut
behind him.
Sabrinas brows rose in question. So, dinner?
Sounds like a plan,
 Jack replied. What can we bring?
Donovans a whiz in the kitchen.
Okay. That was cheap. Donovan kept her smile in place,
though her eyes were shooting daggers.
Just yourselves. Ive got everything covered. Ill let you guys
get settled. See you at four.
Sabrina gave a quick wave and disappeared, leaving the two of
them staring at each other in silence. Chin up, Donnie,
 Jack
said softly. At least you dont have to cook.
J
16
ack grabbed a bottle of red and white from the wine rack and
waited for Donovan to come down from her room. Shed
escaped up there as soon as Sabrina left, and he hadnt heard a
peep from her since. He was just thinking he would have to go up
and get her when the door to her bedroom swung open, and she
appeared on the landing.
Damn.
She wore a soft yellow sundress, one shed worn in Belize, and
the cut while conservative, did nothing to hide her curves. If
anything, the way the soft material draped over her hips made
her look wholly feminine, just the way a woman was supposed to
look. With her golden skin, long hair pulled back into a simple
ponytail and her face free of makeup, she was so much like the
Donovan of old that he had to remind himself that she was a
long way from the girl hed fallen for.
Of course that was easier said than done. His body
automatically tightened, and he realized it was going to be a hard
few weeks denying the pull. He wanted her. And though she
would no doubt deny it until she was blue in the face, he knew
that she wanted him.
But this herethis time spent at his summer homewas all
about finding closure, at least for him. Discovering secrets and
learning some answers to all those questions he still had.
These few weeks were nothing more. Nothing less.
She froze when she caught sight of him, her cheeks slowly
turning a nice shade of blush. The air, hell, the air felt alive as
the two of them stared at each other. But then, hadnt it always
been like this? Since that first night hed spied her in Nashville?
Jack broke the spell, but it took more nerve than he wanted to
admit to. Hard few weeks? That didnt come close.
Were late,
 he said.
Donovan raised an eyebrow and started down the steps.
Sorry. I fell asleep and then needed to shower.
Coco pounced on her as soon as her foot hit the bottom step,
and she bent over to rub her hand along the top of the dogs
head. Hey you,
 she murmured as Coco, the little shit, pranced
for her. Damn dog had no loyalty.
Lets go,
 he said curtly, pointing toward the door.
Donovan straightened, her chin set at a determined angle,
and it was one he recognized. She wasnt going to make any of
this easy. But then again, had she ever?
Ill go because Sabrina is a nice woman, and it seems to me
that her husband will enjoy the company. But before I do, we
need to get a few things straight.
A few? Shit, there was never just a few with Donovan.
Were already late,
 he said again, his irritation growing by the
second.
No shit,
 she replied. And were going to be a hell of a lot
later unless you listen up.
His lips pressed together. Youve got one minute.
That right there is your problem. Your need to control every
situation. You cant control me, Jack, and Ill take however long I
damn well need. Ive had time to think about our situation, and
Ive got some rules you need to hear. You abide by them and we
just may come out of this without killing each other.
Rules.
Yep,
 she said, nodding. Rules. You remember those dont
you? Or are you gonna pull the politician card and play by your
own?
Something sparked inside him. Something hot and electric.
He hated to admit it, but he was enjoying himself. I always play
by my own rules, or is that something youve forgotten?
Youre so full of yourself,
 she snapped, her control slipping
a bit. He saw the tick near the corner of her mouth. Bingo.
Ive heard that a few times.
Donovan took a few steps forward, and he noted the gloss on
her lips. They looked all shiny and wet and soft just the way he
liked them to be, though he wasnt going to think about that
right now. Nope. He needed to push that stuff back and think
about something else.
Like the pulse at the base of her neck. It was erratic, and her
breath hitched at the back of her throat telling him that she was
more than a little worked up. Good. He just hoped he was doing a
better job of hiding his reaction from her.
Rule number one,
 she said, tongue darting out to moisten
that already shiny mouth. She was probably doing that on
purpose, because he was finding it hard to concentrate on pretty
much anything besides that mouth.
Donovan James was a witch.
Do not talk to me like Im one of your underlings. I dont
answer to you, and I certainly dont take orders from you. When
you start that, I just shut down. Thought youd at least
remember that.
Got it.
If she was surprised at his fast reply, she didnt show it.
Rule number two. Dont expect me to play the girlfriend on
this trip. Im not your girlfriend. Im not your anything. Heck,
Im pretty sure that Im not even your baby-mama.
Not yet,
 he said softly. Her chest was rising and falling
rapidly, and those cheeks of hers were now a rosy red.
Rule number three.
Christ, how many are there?
Two weeks is all you get from me.
What if I want three?
Rule number four,
 she continued, ignoring him as she
plunged forward. I wont have sex with you.
Jack grinned, though he felt anything but glee. He took the
last few steps until he was so close to Donovan he could count
the freckles that dusted her nose, and the eyelashes that
shadowed her cheek.
He bent low and felt her tremble even though he didnt touch
her. His body was hot and tight and damned if that didnt piss
him off more than a little bit.
What. The. Fuck.
Jack reminded himself that she was no good for him. That the
only person she loved was herself. He thought of five years ago
and felt a spark of anger join the boatload of crap inside him.
Good. Anger was good. Thats what he would focus on.
Let me make myself clear, Donnie. If you were the last
woman on this planet, I wouldnt go there. Not with you. Not
again. Youre not worth the bother. This here is all about what
might be inside you. The fact that you could be carrying my child
is something I take seriously, but dont flatter yourself into
thinking this is anything other than that. Once we know, well
decide what to do.
He took a step back, done for now. And as for number three?
Youll leave here when Im good and ready to let you.
Youre a bastard.
Call me whatever you want,
 he replied, pointing toward the
door. Now lets go. Sabrina and Brett are expecting us.
He moved aside so that she could pass, glaring at Coco when
the animal practically jumped into her arms.
The dog stays here. Last thing Brett needs is to have the
little bugger creating havoc in his
But she was already out the door with Coco who looked
happier than a pig in shit sitting in her arms. His scowl
deepened. Hed like nothing more than to carry on with
whatever this was, but he decided to take some of his mothers
advice, something that had served him well many times in the
political arena.
Pick your battles, and pick em well.
He followed Donovan down the walkway that led to the
boathouse and the two of them walked in silence, following the
well-worn path through the tall trees that led to Bretts cottage.
Hed talked to Brett off and on over the last few months, but
not once had Brett ever indicated he was this sick. Jack knew
that a tumor had been found but hed assumed it was benign.
Brett was like a brother to him, seemed as if hed know the guy
forever, but life had gotten in the way these past few years and
he hadnt seen Brett since Christmas.
Now he wasnt sure what he was walking into. As they
approached the large deck that ran the length of Sabrina and
Bretts cottage, two kids came barreling down the path,
screaming and yelling like holy terrors. Harry made a beeline
past him, shouting something about juice and the boathouse
fridge.
Uncle Jack! Harry tolded me you were here. The second
child, a little dark haired girl, launched herself at him like a
missile and he barely managed to hold onto the wine as she
wrapped her little arms around his legs. Are you gonna drive
the boat tomorrow?
He glanced down at Morgan. Man the little sprite had grown.
Hey princess. What say we talk about that later?
Her eyes were Bretts, a deep blue, but the rest of her was all
Sabrina. She was as spunky as her brother, but thered always
been a sweetness about her, and Jack felt something tighten
inside him as he gazed down at her earnest face.
But Daddy cant drive the boat, and Mommy doesnt know
how,
 she pleaded. Pretty please with pink and purple and blue
sparkles on top?
Well get you out on the water,
 he said gently, the tension
along his shoulders increasing as he heard a door slam above
them.
He gazed up at the deck and tried to keep the shock from his
face, but he wasnt sure that he was able to.
Brett Campbell looked sick as hell. His tall body was only a
shadow of his former self, the long limbs covered in thick
sweats, as if he needed them for comfort and heat. He was bald,
though Jack wasnt sure if it was because he was sick or if hed
just gone ahead and shaved it. He moved slowly, taking his time
to cross over to the railing and Sabrina appeared at his side,
slipping her arms through his and kissing the side of his face.
Brett smiled down, and it was then that Jack finally saw a
glimmer of his old buddy. He cleared his throat and offered a
smile of his own, reaching for some kind of normalcy.
The two men stared at each other for several long moments,
and then Jack shrugged. You look like shit.
Brett laughed. A full-on laugh that lit up his wifes face. You
look as pretty as ever,
 Brett replied before his eyes moved past
Jack to Donovan. And keeping some interesting company. My
wife insists weve met before, but I dont think Id forget that. So
nice to meet you Donovan.
Likewise,
 Donovan answered softly.
Morgan tugged on his leg again. Is she your girlfriend? The
little eyebrows were drawn together tight. You tolded me at
Christmas that I was your bestest girlfriend.
Donovan moved past Jack and took a moment to smile down
at Morgan. Dont worry darlin
, Jack is all yours. She then
marched up the steps with Coco and paused in front of Brett.
Thanks so much for opening your home to us this evening. I
hope you dont mind that we brought this little critter. He
belongs to Jack you know, and Jack just cant go anywhere
without him.
Brett laughed again. Youre full of shit.
I am,
 Donovan answered with a big grin.
Morgan took that moment to tug on Jacks cargos. Thats a
bad word, isnt it, Uncle Jack?
Sure is,
 he replied, eyes on the three adults above him.
Mommys gonna make Daddy put a fiver in the swear jar.
Is she now,
 Jack said, scooping up his little friend before
making his way to the stairs so that he could join everyone else
on the deck.
Brett turned and offered his hand and the frailty of him hit
Jack like a punch to the gut. He gave his wine to Sabrina, set
down his favorite little girl and engulfed his buddy in a hug
meant for men. It was quick and hard and jam packed with
emotion.
Glad youre here,
 Brett said, voice gruff.
Yeah,
 Jack replied. Me too. I would have come sooner if Id
known.
Trust me, sooner wasnt good. I know its hard to believe,
but I look a hell of a lot better now than I did a few weeks ago.
Jack tried to smile and knew he probably failed. You look
good.
Youre as full of shit as your girlfriend.
Okaaay,
 Sabrina said, drawing out the word in a drawl. If
we could stop the man-love for a moment, maybe Jack could
start the salmon on the grill? Ive already got it seasoned and
wrapped in foil. While you get that done, Ill grab us all a glass of
wine?
Jack nodded. Sure thing.
Good,
 Sabrina said lightly, her dark eyes touching each and
every one of them. Its a full moon tonight and that means all
sorts of things can happen. Lets make some memories, shall
we?
D
17
inner was lovely,
 Donovan said as she brought in the last
of the cutlery from outside.
Brett and Sabrinas cottage was a lot more rustic than the
Simons
, but it had a charm that was undeniable. Even the big
old moose head above the fireplace somehow fit among the mish
mash of furniture and throws. With the knotted oak cabinets
painted a washed out white, worn hardwood floors, and shabby
chic look, the place looked as if it was truly lived in.
Donovan loved it.
Thank you,
 Sabrina said, stowing the last of the plates in
the dishwasher. The salmon is easy to make. Just a bit of brown
sugar and lime zest
Lime zest?
Sabrina gave her a WTF look and Donovan burst out laughing.
Um I dont cook, so you might want to pass that info along to
Jack.
Sabrina leaned against the counter and reached for her glass
of wine. You dont cook at all?
Nope,
 Donovan answered with a smile. Lets just say
cooking isnt my forte. I can make soup out of a can, and thats
about it. Even then theres always the chance I could burn it

because trust me, Ive never met a kitchen that didnt somehow
manage to make me look like a fool.
Well, cookings not for everyone, thats for sure. Sabrina
drained the last of her wine and reached for the bottle on the
counter. After pouring herself some more, she eyed Donovan in a
way that made her nervous.
You dont enjoy wine? she asked.
Shit. This woman didnt miss a thing.
I do,
 Donovan answered. Now and again. No point in
denying anything.
Uh huh,
 Sabrina said, a slow grin taking hold as she took
another sip. Just didnt feel like wine tonight?
Nope,
 Donovan answered lightly. Not tonight.
Morgan had followed Donovan inside, and she pulled herself
up onto the chair and set her elbows down on the counter. Her
long dark hair was pulled back into two ponytails that hung in
spirals down her shoulders, and those big eyes were settled on
Donovan.
Are you and Uncle Jack going to get married? Morgan
pouted, and Donovan had to hide a grin because the little girl
was being so darn serious. Her crush on Jack wasnt hard to miss.
Sweetie, that aint happening.
Aint isnt a real word, you know. My kindie teacher taught
me that because I used to say it all the time.
Kindie? Donovan glanced at Sabrina.
Kindergarten.
Right.
Are you his girlfriend then? Morgans blue eyes were wide
as she stared up at Donovan. Youre pretty, and my daddy likes
you. You made him smile when you started talking that funny
way.
Donovan had laid on her Arkansas twang heavy, telling a few
jokes that had Brett nearly in stiches.
Im glad your daddy found me funny.
Me too,
 Morgan said, her expression serious, her voice
softer. Hes sick you know.
Hot tears spiked the corners of Donovans eyes, but she
managed to keep them at bay and nod at the little girl. I do,

she answered simply, glancing over to Sabrina who was dabbing
at her eyes and suddenly very busy pouring in the detergent so
that she could run the dishwasher.
Mommy, do I have to have a bath tonight?
Sabrina cleared her throat. You do and you might as well
head in now. Do you want me to come and run it for you?
Nope. Im a big girl, Mommy. I can do it. I know to only fill it
to the line. Can I take Barbie in with me?
Sure honey. Ill be in to check on you in a bit.
Donovan watched Morgan skip across the room and
disappear, those little spiral ponies bouncing behind her. She
blew out a long breath, aware that in just a few minutes, things
had changed. No longer were the vibes light and comfortable.
They were big and heavy and full of sad things. They broke
Donovans heart.
He tries so hard you know? To act as if things are okay. As if
theyre going to be okay. Sabrina said, swirling the red wine in
her glass and watching it as if it was the most interesting thing
in the world. Brett does it for the kids. For me. For him. I cant
imagine being that strong all the time.
He loves you guys so much. I think its easier for him to be
strong for you all then to dwell onon his Donovan faltered,
not knowing how to continue.
Hes terminal,
 Sabrina whispered, eyes shiny with unshed
tears as she shuddered. As of a month ago. They just cant do
anything more.
Im so sorry. What else did you say when confronted with
that sort of thing? Im sorry didnt seem to be enough, but it was
all she had.
Thank you,
 Sabrina said softly. Ive had him for over ten
years and She shrugged, her smile sweet and filled with
sorrow. But there was something else there. Something strong
and light and full of love. I wouldnt trade ten years of
wonderful for a lifetime of mediocre. I just wouldnt. Not even if
back then I knew this was coming at me.
She blew out a long breath and took a sip of wine. There are
people that will never know or experience what Ive had with my
husband. They settle, you know? For money or comfort.
Sometimes they settle because theyre just too damn lazy or
theyre scared of being alone. None of them will ever know what
it feels like to experience the kind of love that you cant describe,
because therere no words for it. They wont know unless they
take that chance, and I feel sorry for the ones that dont. The
ones that settle or the ones that dont even try.
Sabrina tucked a piece of hair behind her ear and smiled
through her tears. Sure I feel sorry for myself sometimes. I sink
low, real low. But then I look at my children, and I know that Ill
always have Brett with me. Ill always have our memories.
Donovan didnt bother to wipe away her tears. This woman, a
woman she barely knew, had managed to burrow inside
Donovan. To make her feel and think about things she didnt
want to.
She was one of the ones Sabrina should feel sorry for.
Youre so strong,
 Donovan said softly.
Im blessed,
 Sabrina replied, giving her head a shake. And
apparently a total downer. Im sorry. I didnt mean to spill all of
that on you.
Dont worry about it. The spilling. Its all good.
Sabrina glanced at the now empty bottle of wine and then
drained her glass. I guess were out.
Just then the door swung open and Brett shuffled in with Jack
a few paces behind. Harry ran past all of them, yelling
something about his Spiderman. Brett looked tired, but that
didnt diminish the power of his smile when he spied his wife.
Donovans heart melted. It unraveled into a million pieces,
and the hurt that replaced it was intense. She had that once.
That love.
Jacks eyes were on her, and she swallowed hard at the look in
them. They were empty. There was nothing there. At least
nothing that he was willing to share with Donovan.
We should go,
 Jack said, helping his buddy over to a chair.
Sabrina joined Brett, her hands automatically rubbing his
shoulder as she bent low and kissed him on the cheek.
I expect to hear you sing tomorrow,
 Brett said, his voice a
little wobbly and weak.
Donovan nodded and walked over to Jack. For sure. Sounds
good.
Okay,
 Brett said, his eyes on Jack. Youll get my kids out
on the water?
Got it covered. Jacks hand was on her elbow. Well see
you guys in the morning.
Donovan let Jack lead her outside, and she turned her face to
the sky, drinking in the moonlight and the millions of stars that
blanketed it.
Watch your step,
 Jack said gruffly when she stumbled over
a knotted root from one of the trees that lined the path.
They trudged back to the boathouse and then up the steps
that led to Jacks cottage in silence, Coco following in their steps,
the dog unnaturally quiet. Donovan supposed the little creature
sensed how somber the mood had gotten, and she was more
than happy to settle into silence.
Once inside, Jack crossed over to the bar and scooped up a
bottle of scotch and nothing else. He turned without a word and
headed back into the night.
For the longest time, Donovan stood alone in the middle of
the great room with Coco panting at her heels. She was so
messed up. Sad and scared and, well, she was also mad as hell.
She was mad at everything.
She glanced up at her room, the one that was farthest away
from Jacks, the silence of the room weighing on her like a stone.
Because most of all, Donovan was mad at herself for letting
Derek McKenzie, a night gone wrong, and her past control her.
She was mad because shed let someone like Cooper Simon
dictate her future.
She thought of what Sabrina had said, and she was ashamed
because the woman was right. And because Donovan James was
in the settling for less club. Hell, she was the president of it.
Jack Simon was the love of her life and for the first time, she
began to question all of her choices. The ones that had led to her
breaking it off with him, because she thought it was for the best.
At the time, it had been because she thought it was best for
Jack. But really, with the long lens of time behind her, she knew
shed done it because she was a coward, and that it was not so
much about Jack as it was about Donovan.
What did that say about herself, that she was willing to throw
their love away? Did it mean that her love was so great she was
willing to sacrifice all just to save him? Or was it to save herself?
And if so, from what?
And what did it say about that nightthat night she couldnt
exactly remember? The night shed been so heartbroken over her
fight with Jack. The night shed had more wine than she should
have?
The night Derek had taken her to his bed and then taped the
whole damn thing? Hed used her, and shed let him.
She groaned, more confused than ever, and slowly made her
way up to her bedroom. She undressed and slipped under the
covers, not bothering with a nightshirt.
Coco jumped onto the pillow beside her and there beneath the
moonlight that streamed in from her window, the little dog was
the only one to witness her tears.
Tears for Sabrina, Brett and their kids.
Tears for Jack and what might have been.
Tears for the girl shed been and the woman shed become.
It was a long time before she fell asleep. So long that she was
aware when Jack came back. He was obviously drunk, and she
heard him curse more than once as he banged into things on his
way upstairs. She froze when she heard his steps heading not in
the direction of his bedroom, but toward hers.
She bit her lip, eyes on the door when she heard him on the
other side and she slid up onto her elbows, moistening lips salty
from her tears.
Jack,
 she whispered, heart suddenly beating out of her
chest. She would make things right. She would tell him
everything. She would
But his steps retreated and she jumped when she heard him
slam his own door shut.
Donovan James stared into the darkness for so long that
everything blurred. Everything melted together and became this
thing that was so intimidating she didnt want to think about
any of it.
Shed do that tomorrow. Maybe.
Donovan burrowed back into the covers and fell asleep.
J
18
ack woke up with one hell of a hangover.
Shit.
And he had no one to blame but himself. The bottle of scotch
seemed like such a good idea at the time, but as he stumbled into
the shower he was re-evaluating his thought process. His head
hurt like hell, his mouth was disgusting and the pain that was
rolling across his forehead was the kind of pain hed not felt in a
long, long time.
He was too old for this shit, and he reminded himself of that
again when he caught sight of his bloodshot eyes in the mirror as
he was taking care of the disgusting mouth thing.
Outside, the sky was blue and the sun was shining and when
he glanced at the clock beside his bed, he swore, his already foul
mood, darker. It was later than he would like, and he pulled on a
pair of black board shorts, slipped his feet into worn sandals and
scooped up a white T-shirt from his suitcase. He was surprised
that Harry and Morgan werent already knocking at his door.
Just thinking of the kids made his gut turn, and he made his
way down the stairs, surprised to smell cinnamonburnt
cinnamon but cinnamon nonetheless
I guess hell froze over when I wasnt looking,
 he said
walking into the kitchen. You made French toast?
Donovan was at the sink scrubbing furiously. She didnt
answer him, and he crossed the room wincing as a fresh wave of
pain kicked around inside his head. Reaching into the cabinet for
some pain meds, he grabbed the orange juice container from the
fridge and downed the entire thing, taking the pain meds along
for the ride.
You look like shit,
 Donovan said, tossing a green and yellow
scrub pad back into the sink.
Yeah,
 he replied, eyeing her up. Couldnt say the same
about her, because Donovan looked damn good.
A pair of jean cut-offs, a plain white T-shirt and the
florescent lime green strings peeking out the top were enough to
make him pay attention. He wondered if it was the same bikini
shed had in Belize. The one that had damn near driven him to
distraction.
He took another look. Yep. Damn good.
Too damn good.
And yes I made some French toast, but I burnt more than I
was able to save and even then, well. She threw up her hands.
I have no idea why its so darn hard to make food. God, my
grams used to make the best biscuits ever and her pie crust? To
die for. I have no idea why those particular talents werent
passed along to me.
Jack glanced at the pan. He needed grease and he needed it
now.
Have you eaten?
She shook her head. Not yet. I was trying to get the stupid
pan clean so that I could take another stab at it.
Ill make us eggs.
ButI wanted toI was going to try to
Do we want to starve or eat?
Eat,
 she grumbled.
Make me a cup of coffee, and Ill get some food into you.
Jack got busy making a couple omelets. He was the king of
eggs and had always found cooking to be a stress reliever. Right
now, he only wanted to think about food. He didnt want to dwell
on Brett and a future that was never gonna happen. Didnt want
to think about a guy whod been robbed. He didnt want to think
about Sabrina and the kids alone.
And he sure as hell didnt want to think about Donovan and
their own unique situation. Thats the thing with life. It was
always throwing curveballs and not all of them were strikes.
Once he was done, he set a plate down in front of her while
she pushed a mug of coffee his way. They ate in silence, and
right now it was what he needed. Silence.
His eyes fell on Donovan.
He watched her pick the green peppers out of her omelet and
push them to the corner of her plate. Hell, that was a memory
hed forgotten. Donnie didnt like green. She hated peppers,
broccoli, and peas.
An image of Donovan wearing nothing but one of his old
Harvard T-shirts, leaning against the counter in his beach house
as she picked all the greens off a piece of pizza floated in front of
him.
So your friends seem real nice.
Image gone, he nodded but didnt answer, hating the way he
felt. Pissed off at the way the world looked today.
And Brett. Have you known him for a long time? I dont
recall meeting him when we werewell, before.
He nodded again.
Is that a yes or a no? she asked, but the softness had fled
her voice.
He glanced up at her, voice gruff. Ive known Brett ever since
Ive been coming up here.
She was picking at her eggs, moving the green peppers
around. But you didnt know he was sick.
That anger that had been curling in his gut for days exploded
and he shoved his plate away. No, Donnie. I had no idea the guy
was as sick as he is. Can we talk about something else?
Mouth pursed, she ate a bit of her omelet and was quiet for a
few moments. But this was Donovan and the woman found it
hard to stay quiet for longer than two minutes, something hed
conveniently forgot, it seemed. So are we heading out in the
boat?
Eyes narrowed, he looked at her sharply. She was kidding
right? Im taking the kids out on the tube.
Sounds like fun.
No,
 he said abruptly, anger barely in check. He got to his
feet. You can come along for a boat ride, but youre not gonna
bump along the water riding an inner tube as if it was a goddamn
horse. No way.
Donovan got to her feet and pushed her near empty plate his
way. If I want to go tubing, Ill darn well go tubing.
Not on my watch. Was she crazy? The woman could be
pregnant and she wanted to go tubing? Wasnt that against some
kind of pregnant woman rule?
Her eyes flashed and damn but that pain in his head wasnt
going away anytime soon.
Did you not listen to anything I said last night? she
snapped.
What the hell are you talking about? He grabbed their
plates and dumped them into the sink.
What am I talking about? Her voice rose as did the color in
her cheeks. Breathing hard, she glared at him. Can you please
put a shirt on? You dont need to walk around half naked all the
time. She tossed his T-shirt at him and he barely had time to
catch it.
He was gonna blow. He could feel it coming. With his T-shirt
in hand, he watched her, more angry than he could remember
feeling in a long time. And that was saying something,
considering the last few days hadnt been exactly peaceful.
Youre not tubing,
 he said through clenched teeth.
I am, Mr. Simon, and you better pay attention to my rules or
Im outta here. I wasnt joking. In particular, rule number one.
Okay. Jack had to take a moment because if he didnt he was
about to go ape shit. He felt like crap. Hed barely slept. And now
Donovan wanted to argue with him about a tubing behind the
boat?
He nailed her with a look that would make most men cringe.
Except she didnt cringe. In fact, her cheeks were flushed, her
eyes shiny and she looked like she was damn well enjoying
herself.
Screw your rules,
 he said, voice loud and angry. If you
think Im going to let you bump around on a tube behind a boat
youre crazy.
Uncle Jack thats a really bad word!
They both turned to see Harry, Morgan, and Sabrina watching
them from just inside the back door. Harry was grinning as if
hed just witnessed something incredibly entertaining. Morgan
wasnt exactly sure if she should giggle or be serious and
Sabrinawell, Sabrina was looking at the two of them with new
eyes.
Thats a whole lot more than a fiver,
 Harry continued, eyes
full of glee as he poked his sister and whispered loud enough for
the adults to hear. Like two fivers at least.
Jacks temper was barely under control. Sorry guys,
 he
managed to say, slipping his T-shirt over his head.
The kids were already in their swimsuits with their lifejackets
in place. The smell of coconut filled his nostrils, and he noted
that their skin was slick with sunscreen.
We should have knocked,
 Sabrina said, eyes curious as they
moved to Donovan and then back to him. I tried to keep them
away, but theyve been full of beans since they woke up.
Dont worry about it,
 Jack said, forcing a smile he didnt
feel. Who wants to head out on the boat?
Harry and Morgan jumped up and down, their little faces alive
with excitement. Me! Me! Me! They both shouted.
Are you coming? Morgan asked, her big eyes on Donovan.
Donovan shook her head and though Jack knew she was still
pissed, she gave the girl a smile that would make anyone feel
special.
No darlin. Ill join yall later. Ive got some stuff to get done
first before I can head down to the beach. She emphasized stuff
and gave Jack a fuck you look. He knew this wasnt over and that
he was just buying some time, but for the moment he was fine
with that.
Lets go then,
 Harry shouted, tugging on his mothers arm
and trying to push her toward the door.
Are you sure? Sabrina asked, her eyes on Donovan once
more.
Were sure,
 Jack replied, moving past Donovan and
scooping his aviators from the kitchen counter. He slipped them
over his eyes and pushed open the door. You guys coming?
It wasnt a question he had to ask again. The kids ran out the
door yelling all the way down to the dock, and Sabrina followed
him out.
Hows Brett this morning? he asked, eyes on the kids as
they galloped across the dock and disappeared into the
boathouse.
Tired,
 Sabrina replied. But good. Hell be up for a fire
tonight, but right now hes resting. Nine is a late night for him,
so last night was tough. Hes so glad you guys are here though.
Hes been so closed off from anyone knowing how bad it is. Its
like if no one really knows, then its not real. You guys give him
something positive to focus on, and right now anything positive
is great. 
Jack had gotten the entire story from his friend the night
before. He knew that Bretts cancer had spread to his pancreas,
lungs and liver. His diagnosis was terminal. Hed opted out of
further treatment so that he could spend what time he had left
with Sabrina and the kids, without suffering the side effects of
chemo or radiation.
Everything about the situation was all wrong, but life wasnt
always about being right. He thought of his brother, Tucker, and
what hed endured. Life wasnt fair and it sure as hell had no
rhyme or reason.
Harry and Morgan ran up and down the beach like a couple of
crazies, while he and Sabrina worked to get the boat set up for
tubing. Hed just filled the tank with gas when Sabrina sat on the
edge and lifted an eyebrow.
So, you wanna tell me whats really going on with you and
Donovan?
Nope. He wasnt in the mood to get into it with anyone.
She pregnant?
He glanced up sharply, setting the empty gas can down on the
dock. For several moments, he held Sabrinas gaze as the water
gently lapped against the boat and then shrugged.
I dont know.
Sabrinas eyes widened in surprise. What do you mean, you
dont know?
I mean that she might be.
You guys have heard of pregnancy tests right?
At a loss for a few seconds, he didnt answer right away
because, dammit, hed not thought of that. Iit just
happened.
Okay. Could he not feel any more like a goddamn freshman?
Have you not heard of a pregnancy test? You can find out
before youve even missed a period.
Huh. How the hell had he missed that one? How the hell had
Donovan not thrown that in his face?
Maybe youre not ready to know yet,
 Sabrina said, getting
up from her perch on the edge of the boat.
Its complicated,
 he said slowly. Complicated was one hell
of an understatement.
Im sure it is,
 she replied. Love is always complicated.
I dont love her, and she sure as hell doesnt love me,
 he
replied darkly. Love? That four letter word didnt exist for them.
Not anymore.
Then why is she here? Sabrina asked lightly.
Jack scowled and climbed into the boat. Sabrina had always
had a way of seeing things, of picking apart a situation and
getting it right. He couldnt lie to her and dammit he needed to
unload on someone.
Grace set us up.
Grace?
Yes, she arranged it so that we were both in Belize last week,
and things got out of hand. Wasnt what either one of us wanted,
but it happened. That I can deal with. But shes hiding
something from me and, call me crazy, but I want to know what
the hell it is. I pretty much forced her to come here, which now
that I think about it, might not have been the smartest thing Ive
ever done.
Sabrina climbed in and yelled to the kids to swim out to the
tube. She sat beside Jack and rested her hand on his shoulder.
Thing is, Jack,
 Sabrina whispered as she kissed his cheek
and smiled. Donovan James doesnt strike me as the kind of
woman to just follow orders. She wouldnt be here if she didnt
want to be. Trust me on that one.
Jack glanced up at the house and slowly edged the boat out
onto open water.
On one hand, Sabrina was right but on the other, she didnt
know the whole story. She didnt know that Donovan was
desperate to keep her little vacation with Jack a secret. It made
no sense really. In a world where celebrity ruled, if the press
found out that Donovan and Jack had hooked up, it would only
enhance her profile that much more. What celebrity didnt want
that kind of exposure?
He sighed and watched the kids climb onto the tube, pushing
the throttle forward slightly in order to get some tension on the
rope. But his mind wasnt on the boat or tubing. Why was he
forcing the issue with Donovan? Why didnt he just let the chips
fall where they may and deal with the fallout when he knew the
status of her pregnancy?
Why the hell did he care that she was hiding something from
him? Caring indicated that his feelings werent ambivalent, and
that didnt bode well.
He thought of Brett and his gut tightened. Jack was out here
on the water with Bretts wife and children and damn, but that
was wrong. Brett should be out here. He should be living his life.
Growing old with the woman who loved him and watching his
kids achieve all that they could achieve.
Life was too short. As clichd as it sounded, those four words
were bang on. Maybe it was time for Jack to move the hell on.
Maybe it was time for him to cut Donovan loose.
D
19
onovan spent most of the day on the front porch of the Simon
home with her notebook, a bottle of water, and her guitar.
Shed like to say that it was because she was dedicated to her
workthat the melodies in her head needed lyrics to go with
thembut if she was being honest with herself, shed have to
admit that she was avoiding Jack. At first it was because she was
still angry with him, but when her initial anger wore off, she was
left feeling more confused than ever. Add a dose of fear and it
had Donovan retreating, which was something she wasnt used
to.
Shed watched him take the kids out on the boat with Sabrina.
Watched him bring them back in a few hours later.
She pretended to be hard at work when he was on the beach
helping Morgan with her sandcastle. And when he played a game
of toss football with Harry, she pulled her Guccis over her eyes
so that she could watch them properly.
The kids loved him. That much was clear, and it was a
bittersweet sort of feeling that settled inside her as she watched
him serve them hotdogs for lunch and then take them back out
on the water.
He had a way with kids. There was no denying that.
He deserved to have a family of his own.
And while she was being honest with herself, she may as well
just face the fact that the thought of Jack and a whole pack of
kidstheir kidsmade her crazy with want.
Good Lord. She needed some sort of intervention. Since when
did she fantasize about Jack and forever? He barely liked her and
after the stunt shed just pulled again, she didnt blame him.
Just because the sex was still good meant nothing. They would
always have that. There was no rhyme or reason, its just the way
it was. Their bodies fit well together.
There wasnt anything wrong about having sex without love.
Men did it all the time. Hell, women did too. Shed done it in the
past when that particular itch needed scratching.
But I want more.
Nothing compared to the connection she felt when she was
with Jack, and Donovan was getting tired of denying herself the
very thing that she wanted. Was she crazy to even consider it?
Would the truth blow up in her face and end things before they
had a chance to begin?
You look like youre thinking too hard.
It was nearly six oclock and Donovan was down at the beach
with Brett. Jack had just returned from town with a few things
for dinnerthe plan was, food and then a fire. Sabrina insisted
Donovan relax and since she was still doing the whole avoiding
thing, it hadnt taken much convincing to get her to agree to
keep Brett company while Sabrina and Jack finished preparing
the burgers, salad, and corn on the cob.
She offered a smile. I guess I am.
They were quiet for a few moments, both of them gazing out
over the water, and Donovan let the easy silence wash over her.
It was so peaceful here. So far away from her everyday crazy life.
So tell me about yourself Donovan James,
 Brett said
glancing her way. Whats your story?
His voice was low and raspy, and she had to concentrate in
order to hear him properly.
My story?
He nodded. Yes. Everyone has a story. Whats yours? I know
youre a big time celebrity, but I dont know much else about
you.
Its nothing special.
Humor me.
Donovan hated talking about herself and hesitated for a few
moments, eyes back on a boat crossing a mile out. Maybe it was
the ease of Bretts company. Or maybe it was the magical waters
of Lake Muskoka. Whatever it was, she found herself settling
back into her chair and talking.
Well, I grew up in Arkansas at the foot of the Ozarks with my
mom and my grandparents. Our house was a lovely, restored
trailer and yes, you guessed it, we lived in a trailer park. Not very
original. We didnt have much, but I never went hungry or
anything. Even though my clothes might not have been trendy,
they were clean.
No father?
Nope. She shrugged. I have vague memories of him. Just
images and feelings, really, and even then sometimes I wonder if
what I remember are things I was told, not things I actually saw.
But I do have a clear memory of him sitting on the front porch
with a beat up Gibson. Hed play and sing and toss me sugar
candies.
Donovan paused, chest tight. She hadnt thought about him
in forever. A man who was part of her history. A man shed
never really known.
He loved music almost as much as he liked his whisky and
that caused a lot of problems. He left when I was five and died
when I was ten. I never really got the story of how he died, but
Im pretty sure he drank himself to death.
Im sorry,
 Brett replied, softly rolling his words.
Dont be,
 she replied. He was a mean drunk. My mama
said it was for the best, but I think she was hiding a broken heart
and that changed her. I cant remember what her smile looked
like. Donovan paused, reaching for a memory, but there was
nothing there. How sad is that? she whispered. She was half
alive, and the part that was alive was sad and angry.
You get your talent from him?
I suppose. I mean, he played guitar like no ones business. He
could pick hillbilly and bluegrass and pretty much everything.
He would make me sing for him and after he left, Id sing
everywhere. I think in my mind if I was singing, hed hear me
and come home. Id sing in church. She smiled. In school
when I was supposed to be studying. Id sing on the street corner
while Mama was in getting our grocery order. She paused.
Singing was my way of leaving all the ugliness behind. It was
my way of daydreaming you know? When I sang, I wasnt meI
was like an angel floating above everything. Free to be happy.
Sounds nice.
My mama figured out early on that my singing could bring in
some extra dollars, so she started booking shows at fairs and
such. When I was seventeen, we got ourselves a talent agent and
well, here I am.
Living the dream,
 Brett said.
Im living someones dream,
 she replied. Just not mine.
Shit. What was she doing? A trip down memory lane was
never a good idea.
Sometimes life gets crazy,
 Brett said. You need to slow
down and appreciate everything youve got.
Donovan took a sip of iced tea and nodded, her gut twisted
and her throat tightened with emotion. What the hell was wrong
with her?
Youre right. Of course youre right, but its hard sometimes.
America thinks I have the world by the balls. They think that
fame and money is everything. That if youre some kind of star,
you must be happy. She glanced at Brett sharply. Im not
gonna lie. Money makes things a whole lot easier. I dont have to
worry about where my next dollar is coming from. Dont have to
worry about how Im gonna pay the mortgage or car payment.
Those are real problems for a lot of folks, and I get that but
She took another sip of iced tea and hoped she didnt sound
like a spoiled, ungrateful brat.
Its not everything. I play in front of thousands of fans. I
step out onto that stage and man, the love I get... Whew, the love
is fast and hard. It wraps itself around me for those two and half
hours, and I cant even describe the rush. You just cant know
unless youre there. But I miss
She stared down at her hands unable to continue because the
truth was hard.
What do you miss?
I miss simple and easy. I miss a time when I didnt have to
worry about my road crew and their families and their need for
income. I love them all, I do, but the weight of knowing Im
responsible for their livelihood is heavy. I miss the honkytonks.
Those little hole in the wall places filled with smoke and sweat
and beer and sex. That right there is an entirely different
connection. I mean, when the light was just right, I could see the
faces of the people standing at the back of the bar watching me.
Feeling me. I miss that intimacy. Everything in my world is so
big and flashy and commercialized that sometimes I feel lost
inside it.
Jesus. Where the hell was all this coming from?
You miss the simplicity.
Yes, but more than that I miss
Someone waiting for me at night.
Someone with strong arms and a mouth worth dying for.
Someone I love arguing with. Making love with.
Someone who doesnt kiss my ass.
Someone who challenges me.
I miss Jack,
 she whispered.
Shit. Brett was going to think she was a complete and utter
loser. Im sorry,
 Donovan said quickly, more than a little
flustered. I guess you got a whole lot more than my story.
Brett was silent for a few seconds, and Donovan noticed his
fingers trembled as he tugged on his blanket. She bent over and
pulled it up over his lap.
Its a good story, a real story,
 he said, voice a little hoarse
as he settled back into his chair. But its not finished.
No,
 Donovan said. Its not.
The kids came running down onto the beach, and even though
they were about to eat, Harry dove into the water and after a
quick glance over to their father, Morgan giggled and followed
her brother in.
Some might think mine is over.
She glanced at Brett, her eyes bubbling when she saw the raw
pain and love and sorrow on his face as he watched his children.
Its not. He turned to Donovan and tried to smile, but the
sadness in his eyes made it hard.
Im mad as hell at the way its been written. Mad as hell that
Sabrina will have to raise our kids without me. That Harry and
Morgans memories will be of a dad too sick to take them out
onto the boat that last summer they had with him. Im pissed
that Sabrina will meet someone, and she will, shes too damn
special not to. Im angry at all of that, but so blessed at the same
time. I had these three people. I had them. They were mine,
Sabrina for over ten years, and those ten years are all that
matter. Those ten years are my story, and Ill take it with me
wherever I end up.
He glanced up at the sky and smiled and for a few precious
moments, Donovan felt as if she was looking into his soul.
Ill always have them. Whatever is still out there for me will
just have to make room for what Im bringing along for the ride.
Love doesnt die. Brett met her gaze. Sometimes it hides.
Sometimes it changes. But real love is always there, and I believe
it can even transcend death.
He cleared his throat and sighed. Im sorry. I didnt mean for
things to get so heavy.
No,
 she said, leaning forward and clasping his hands
between hers. Dont you dare apologize. I think that you just
might be the smartest man Ive ever met.
He smiled again, and once more she caught a glimpse of the
man hed been before cancer had taken over.
We wont tell Jack,
 he replied with a wink.
Wont tell Jack what?
Startled, Donovan looked behind her. Her stomach rolled. Her
insides quaked. And her heart started up like a rocket shooting
into space.
Wearing nothing but those damn board shorts, with all that
tanned skin and those bulging biceps, he looked like every
womans dreamthe oven mitts and pan only added to his sex
appeal.
He hadnt shavedagainand those eyes of his were dark as
they regarded her, a strange look in their depths.
Quickly, she swiped at the still damp tears in the corners of
her eyes and attempted a smile as she ignored his question.
Dinners ready? she asked instead.
Yes,
 Jack replied, nodding to Brett as he moved past them
and set the large pan on the picnic table. Sabrina will be down
in a minute.
Jack leaned against the table, his eyes moving from Donovan
to Brett. How ya feeling? he asked.
Better than ever,
 Brett replied. I like your girl.
Donovans eyes slid away, and she watched the kids as they
clambered out of the water and ran toward them.
She wanted that. She wanted to be Jacks girl.
She wanted his baby.
She thought of Brett and Sabrina and their bittersweet, tragic
story. Maybe Brett was right. Her story wasnt over. Maybe
everything keeping her and Jack apart didnt matter. Maybe
Coopers threats didnt matter and the whole mess with Derek,
that awful night from five years ago? Maybe it was time to tell
Jack that story.
Maybe it was time for Donovan to write her own story. Time
for her to face some hard truths. To admit to past mistakes and
take a chance on the only man she would ever love.
Of course the question was, did she have enough balls to do
it?
I
20
t was just before eleven when Jack and Donovan headed up to
his place, but it felt much later. He was dead tired. He was
running on little sleep, and a full day on the water with the kids
hadnt helped.
It had been one hell of a weird day, and he was just about
ready for it to be over. Hed barely exchanged two words with
Donovan since the morning, but hed felt her eyes on him more
than once throughout the evening. Something was up, a shift in
their universe and something was about to happen. He could feel
it.
But what?
He watched as she cradled Coco and picked her way along the
path in the dark. Her hair was loose, the long blond tangles
falling halfway down her back and the breeze played with the
ends. Dressed in one of his old sweatshirts, she looked so damn
smallno wonder his protective instincts were kicking in. There
were solar lights along the path but still, the steps were uneven,
and he was ready to catch her if she stumbled.
She didnt, and he followed her inside the house. Hed left
one lamp on near the leather sofa and long shadows filled in
most of the great room. She walked a few paces and then paused,
absently petting Coco as she turned to him. The shadows made
her eyes look huge and mysterious, her mouth so damn kissable
that his mind started to wander to places it shouldnt. And that
hair. Jesus that hair. She looked as wild and untamed as when
hed first met her.
Coco hopped out of her arms and sniffed around Jacks feet,
his little body trembling with excitement. The dog barked once
and then ran to the sofa, tail wagging fiercely before he settled
down, little tongue out and panting as if hed just run a quarter
mile.
Donovan licked her lips, bit on her bottom one, but her eyes
never left his. The silence between them felt so big that it was
loud and alive and full of hard things.
I should justIll head up now,
 Donovan said softly,
turning toward the stairs.
No. Wait. Jack blew out a long breath and rubbed the back
of his neck. Iwe need to talk.
Donovan took a few seconds before she turned back around.
She opened her mouth as if to say something but then closed it
before she could get any words out. He let that dark and heavy
silence wash over him again, watching her closely, waiting for
her to react.
But she kept silent, so he plunged forward, speaking the
things that hed been thinking about all afternoon.
This is wrong, Donnie. All of it. I should never have forced
you to come up here with me. I dont know what I was thinking.
He sighed. Obviously I wasnt and I apologize for that. I dont
want to do this anymore.
Her eyes slid away, and he clenched his fists together. He
needed for her to understand.
You dont want to be here, and Im not the guy whos gonna
force it. Not anymore. I dont have time for the kind of bullshit
were playing at. Im not that guy. I never was.
He crossed over to the kitchen and scooped up a small plastic
bag. I got this when I was in town.
What is it?
She was close. Not only could he smell that sweet scent that
was all Donovan, but he felt her. Like an imprint or a brand
seared into his flesh.
He turned back to her, angry and not really knowing why.
Its a pregnancy test. Says it can give a reading as early as seven
days after conception, which from my way of figuring is right
about now. Take it and then well know for sure.
She stared at the bag in his hands for several moments.
And then what? she whispered.
Then you can go home, and well figure out the rest. If youre
pregnant well deal with it. If not, well He shrugged but
didnt say anything more.
She reached for the bag, and he let her take it, his heart now
thudding heavily as she tossed it back onto the counter. Her lips
parted, her breathing became short and erratic. That something
he felt earlier was back. That something was brewing. He felt it
settle between them. Felt it settle inside him.
Her eyes were lowered, the long lashes sweeping across her
cheeks and throwing shadows. Was she shaking?
What if I dont She blew out a long breath, eyes still
averted. What if I dont want to go home? she whispered.
That thing inside him, whatever the hell it was, unfurled,
firing off a shot of adrenaline to every cell in his body. He was
hot, so damn hot and tight from the strength of it, that he
growled like an animal. Eyes narrowed, he reached for her, a
hand on her chin, forcing her to look up at him.
What are you saying exactly? he asked carefully, wanting to
get this right. No more room for misunderstandings. Not now.
For a second, he thought she was going to bolt. But then her
hands slipped up over his forearms, holding him in place, and
she licked that damn mouth, her tongue lingering in the corners
for a heartbeat.
Im saying that Im sorry for what happened five years ago.
Im sorry for Belize. Im sorry for a lot of things, but most of all
Im sorry that I hurt you. She paused, eyes wide and shiny. I
never wanted that Jack. I was trying to protect you and it just
went all wrong. If I could go back and change things, I would. But
I cant. I can only change right now and right now I dont want to
be anywhere else other than here with you.
Jack was silent. What the hell did he say to that? This was the
last thing hed expected to hear. Hed thought about Donovan
and their situation all day and the only scenario hed considered
was her taking the damn test and leaving for LA in the morning.
Fuck,
 he muttered, yanking his hands from her and taking
a step back. Dammit, Donnie. He ran his hands through his
hair, eyes on her. He was pissed off, but he didnt know what the
hell he was pissed off at. Donovan for throwing a curveball just
when hed finally decided enough was enough, or himself for
actually entertaining the idea of Donovan. Of the two of them
together.
How crazy was that?
There are things that you dont know,
 she said softly, lower
lip trembling as if she was about to cry. Things that I have to
tell you and I will. I promise I will but I just
Just what? he said darkly. What the hell was she doing to
him?
Can we have this time together? These few days? Can we feel
things out? See if we can make us work before we let the rest of
the world in?
Unbelievable. His anger and whatever the hell else was
knocking around inside him ramped up something fierce.
Two days ago, you wanted nothing to do with me and now
you want to feel things out? Can you see why I have a problem
with that?
She nodded. I do. I get it. But you cant deny that theres still
something between us. That it never really went away. I feel it
Jack, and I know you do too.
Wanting and loving are two different things. His nostrils
flared, and his voice was rough. What the hell? She was hitting
him with this shit now?
Five years ago I thought I had it all. I had you and a life that
looked damn good to me. You were it. I didnt want anyone else. I
didnt look at anyone else. I would have done whatever it took to
make it work, but you never asked me to. You didnt say shit. We
had a fight and then you just ended us. You ended what we had.
His voice rose and his anger increased.
She winced. Im sorry.
Sorry doesnt cut it. Not now. Not even then. Thing is? It
doesnt matter if youre sorry now, because it doesnt change
anything. Whatever we had died. Thats the straight up truth
right there. I may still want you, but I sure as hell dont love
you.
He held her gaze steady so she would know he wasnt
bullshitting, and still his anger ramped up. He wanted her to yell
back. Hell, he was in the mood for some kind of fight right about
now. Anything to make the deadness inside him go away.
Okay,
 she whispered.
That doesnt sound like you, Donnie. What the hell? Okay?
Thats all you got?
She took a step forward and placed her hand over his heart.
Its all I got,
 she replied.
Slowly, so slowly that the seconds felt like minutes, she
moved until her body was flush against him. Every. Single. Inch.
He was hot and pissed off and horny as hell.
He glared at her, hoping shed pull away before they did
something stupid like sleep together. But she didnt pull away.
She pressed into him as if she belonged there, her soft breasts,
that tempting mouth and all that hair, there for the taking.
He should be strongerthe woman was all wrong for him
but he wasnt. And maybe it was because he was running on
empty, or maybe it was those damn tequila shots working their
magic. Or the fact that his buddy Brett was dying. Maybe he
needed some kind of connection to feel alive.
Hell, it could just be because Donovan James made him weak.
Whatever it was, right now, in this moment, he didnt care.
Besides, when had he ever done the smart thing when it came to
this woman?
With a groan he slid his hands into her hair and pulled up
until her mouth was right where he wanted it. He slid his lips
over hers, and she opened beneath him, her taste and scent
filling him.
God, she was so soft and feminine.
Jack kissed her long and hard, his tongue going deep and
claiming her as he slid his hand down her back, over the bulky
sweatshirt until he settled just above her butt. He held her there,
felt his erection swell against her, and then pulled her in harder
so that she could feel it too.
Her hands were up his shirt and when she grabbed hold of the
hem and practically ripped it off him, he smiled, a dark smile
that mirrored the emotions running through him. Because he
was about as far away from happy as he could get. In fact, it was
a different kind of danger that coursed through him.
Donovan should be scared. She should be very scared.
You want it rough,
 he said, stepping back and tossing his
T-shirt. He nailed her with a dark lookliked the wariness that
crept into her eyes.
I want you.
There was a time when those three words would have brought
him to his knees. But right now? They sparked something dark
and mean. Why dont we call this what it is? You want to fuck.
Her eyes widened slightly. They wavered, and she lowered her
lashes so that he couldnt see her properly. That pissed him off
even more. Yanking her head back, he smiled though it didnt go
anywhere near his eyes. It was hollowed out and empty.
Do you want to fuck or not? Why the hell was he doing this?
Why do you have to be soso
So what? Crude? Truthful? Isnt that what sex is between two
people who dont like each other all that much?
That bottom lip trembled slightly, and he dipped low,
dragging his mouth over hers in a brutal kiss that left them both
breathing hard. Unsatisfied. Unfulfilled. It wasnt a kiss meant
to seduce. It was a kiss meant to punish.
You still want this? he asked, roughly, hands slipping
between them into her panties. He slid his finger inside,
swearing when he found her slick heat. Do you want this,
 he
repeated and it wasnt a question.
Yes,
 she whimpered.
This? He pressed two fingers inside her folds, while his
thumb rolled over her clit. It was swollen with need and she cried
out, gyrating against him. He began to work her over with his
fingers, stroking until she gasped.
Yes.
Yes, what Donnie?
I want you,
 she managed to say.
He curved his index finger and massaged her, watching as she
began to buck against him.
You dont want us,
 he said through gritted teeth, his thumb
rolling over her in quick succession. He was being rough and he
knew it.
I want us.
There is no us,
 he said, lowering his head so that he could
bite her shoulder.
She gasped.
There will never be an us. He heard his words and the
meaning took hold. With a curse, Jack pushed her away.
Were not doing this,
 he bit out, shaking his head savagely.
Mouth bruised from his kiss, she whispered. Why are you so
angry?
Im not angry, Donovan.
Liar.
Im not anything where youre concerned. Im the guy whos
gonna stop this right now. Im the guy whos done.
He pointed to the bag on the counter as he strode past her and
headed for the stairs. He needed a shower, and he needed to
sleep.
Do us both a favor and take the test.
D
21
onovan was up before sunrise, but Jack was already gone.
Dejected, she stared at the rumpled sheets on his bedrumbled
sheets that looked a hell of a lot like her ownand then closed
his bedroom door.
Shes hardly slept a wink but somehow had managed to miss
him leaving the house. Hed probably gone for a run.
Coco had been curled up at the edge of Jacks bed but jumped
down just in time to run ahead of Donovan, his little tail wagging
crazily as he yipped all the way down.
She wandered downstairs, flipping the switch beside the sink
and winced as the light flashed on. The beginnings of a headache
pushed in on her skull and she sighed, searching for some pain
meds in the cupboard. She took a few tablets with a glass of
water and barely managed to swallow them. Crap. Seems as if
her throat was sore. She so didnt have time to come down with
something, but she wasnt surprised.
When was the last time shed had a decent nights sleep?
A coffee cup was in the sink, and she rinsed it out, wiping it
dry and setting it back inside the cupboard, her actions
automatic because her brain was so damn fuzzy. She couldnt get
Jack out of her head.
Couldnt get the look in his eyes out of her dreams. He really
had no feelings left for her. Hed said it last night. He was done.
And Donovan had no idea what to do about it. Did she just let
the chips fall where they may? Did she fight for what she
wanted? Did she fight for Jack Simon now or was it too late?
She should have fought for him five years agofought for
their love. Had she really been that weak?
Derek would have destroyed him,
 she whispered fiercely.
But would he have? Had he played Donovan? Would he have
exposed the video and those pictures knowing it would end his
connection to Jack as well?
Jesus,
 she said, as a wave of nausea rolled over her. It made
her sick every time she thought about it. Squeezing her eyes
shut, she tried to blot out the images but couldnt.
Derek had showed it to her that next morning but all Donovan
could take were the first few moments. She was naked. Spread
out on the bed that she and Jack shared and Derek was climbing
on top of her. She couldnt remember anything else from that
night other than her fight with Jack and him storming out before
dinner was over.
Doesnt matter,
 she said dully. It was too late since Cooper
Simon had somehow managed to get his grabby hands on it.
Deciding shed rather not think about that night, Donovan
glanced down at Coco. Looks like its just you and me,
 she said
to the dog, tugging on the edge of her sleep pants and hiking
them up.
Cold, she wrapped her arms around herself and wandered
outside, walking the length of the porch that overlooked the
lake. Other than the gentle current lapping against the dock, she
heard nothing and saw nothing. The Campbells cottage was in
darkness as were most of the houses that dotted the lake, and in
the distance she spied the first rays of pink and yellow creeping
over the horizon.
Coco barked and she glanced down. I guess youre hungry.
After rummaging for some dog food, she set down a bowl for
Coco and grabbed the pharmacy bag that was still on the kitchen
counter from the night before. Her fingers shook a little as she
pulled out the small blue and white box. She set it on the
counter, worrying her bottom lip as she stared at it.
Should she do the test now? Did she want to know?
Her stomach rolled just thinking about it. She turned the box
over in her hands and before she could change her mind, headed
up to her room. Donovan grabbed her sweats, running shoes and
a ball cap before heading to the bathroom.
She set the box on the sink carefully and got dressed. Once
her shoes were pulled on and tied, she brushed her teeth and
then braided her hair, listening for Jacks return. But there was
nothing. No Jack and no reason not to do the stupid test.
Why was she still here? He didnt love her, and she was a fool
to think hed even want to try again. Not after everything.
He doesnt love me. He will never love me.
She glanced up into the mirror, saw the smudges beneath her
eyes, and in spite of her tan, saw the paleness beneath it all. She
saw the fear and pain. She saw the guilt.
She was never going to have that happily ever after. Not with
Jack and probably not with anyone else. Her story, it seemed,
had already been written. She was just too damn stupid, too full
of denial to see it. She may as well pull up her big girl pants and
deal with the situation once and for all.
Just do it,
 she whispered fiercely. She ripped the box apart
and took out the small white device, removing the cellophane
wrapper with shaking fingers.
Oh. God. She felt sick.
After reading the instructions, she got down to business, and
once she was done, set the stick back onto the counter. The
instructions said to wait a full five minutes for the result, and
after washing her hands, she left the bathroom. No way was she
gonna sit in there and wait.
The sky was lighter now. Dawn was breaking.
Restless, Donovan ran downstairs, and after a few moments
of indecision, grabbed a granola bar from the cubby along with a
bottle of water. She ran out the door, making sure Coco didnt
follow her and headed up the road.
A walk would do her good. She needed to clear her head and
get her shit together. She needed to be strong, because there was
no way in hell she could let Jack know that she was still
hopelessly in love with him.
Nope. That couldnt happen.
Not even if there was a baby.
The road that led from the Simon home was steep and
narrow, lined with trees that stood as silent as soldiers. It was
eerie, being out here alone at this time in the morning, but there
was also a kind of peace as well.
When she reached the top, Donovan paused, slightly out of
breath, and glanced to the right and then to the left. If she went
left, shed end up near the main road. The main road meant
people, and she sure as hell didnt want to deal with people.
Tugging the brim of her ball cap lower, she took a swig of water
and headed to the right.
She followed the road for about an hour before she came to a
fork. By this time, the sun was much higher in the sky, and she
slipped off her hoodie, tying it around her waist as she continued
on her way, opting to head into the trees than toward the water.
She walked for a couple hours and then stopped to rest, eating
her granola bar and nearly finishing her water. She would have
stayed put a bit longer, but the bugs were horrible and she went
on her way.
She hiked through the bush for hours it seemed and when the
stitch in her side became sharp, she paused, glancing around.
Okay. She was going to take a guess and say that she was lost.
When was the last time shed seen a house? Or the water? The
path shed been on no longer looked well used. In fact it looked
nothing like the footpath shed started out on.
Unease made her gut churn and Donovan reached for her
water again, careful to take only enough to quench her thirst. It
was hot, even here beneath the canopy of evergreens, and she
realized that as well as being lost, she had no idea what time it
was either.
Shit,
 she murmured, turning in a full circle. Did she follow
the path back? But hadnt she branched off from the original
road at some point?
A snap in the forest had her heart pounding, and she froze.
She was pretty sure bears inhabited these woods and that
thought brought with it a few hot, stinging tears.
Great.
She was lost and now she was going to be some bears dinner.
Just like Donovan to get herself into a pickle. If her mama was
here, shed be wagging her forefinger and shaking her head in
that way that made Donovan feel as if she hadnt passed the
third grade.
I bet a third grader wouldnt have gotten lost,
 she
muttered, patting the pocket of her jacket. But there was no cell
phone there. You know, because that would have been the smart
thing to do.
Damn. Wiping sweat from her brow, she exhaled, eyes
narrowed, as she peered past the silent trees.
Screw it,
 she mumbled, swallowing her fear. There wasnt
anything to do but keep going. The path had to lead somewhere
right? Because if it didnt? Well, then she would be totally
screwed.
Donovan had always been the sort to believe in the
impossible. A few years back when The Secret had been on
everyones reading list (way before that Fifty Shades book),
shed picked up a copy and read it in one sitting. Her mother had
thought it was nothing but a bunch of baloney, but Donovan had
eaten up every word and she was a believer. The secret to success
was visualization. Believe it and it would happen.
She visualized her success. Her songs and career. She
visualized what she wanted and wasnt surprised when it
happened. Of course shed never applied that philosophy to her
personal situation, but right now she was of the opinion that a
little bit of that mojo just might be in order.
So she kept on and tried not to think about bears or being
lost. Tried not to think about how hungry she was or how little
water she had left. She didnt dwell on the fact that a good part
of her bare arm was blotchy from mosquito and horse fly bites.
And she sure as hell didnt think about that pregnancy stick back
at the house. Nope. She would worry about that later.
She kept walking. Tried to hum a few songs but wasnt in the
mood. And when she finally spied water through the trees, she
gave a yell and began to run. Ignoring the pain in her right ankle,
the result of twisting it earlier, she half slid, half ran down a
steep incline and landed at the bottom on her ass.
Donovan spied a small cottage about fifty yards ahead and to
the right of it, a boathouse and dock. The relief was huge, and
she rolled over, dusted herself off and limped up to the house.
She banged on the door, smoothing her hair a bit because she
was pretty sure she looked like a crazy lady. Her braid had come
undone, and shed lost her ball cap when shed tumbled down
the incline.
The instant euphoria shed felt when she spied the home
faded as she continued to knock, but there was no answer. Close
to tears, Donovan peeked inside, but saw nothing. No
movement. No sign that anyone had been there recently.
Shit,
 she whispered, walking the length of the porch and
gazing out over the water. This part of the lake looked wild,
probably as untamed as her hair. There was no beach, only a
rocky shoreline that led straight into the water.
Her ankle was killing her and slowly she made her way over to
the boathouse but again, there was no one there. Sure she found
several orange gas cans, and that would have been great, except
there was no boat. A few fishing rods hung from the walls along
with an overly large nude calendar that appeared to be decades
old.
Standing there in the middle of that boathouse, Donovan felt
like the last person on the planet. The silence was scary, and for
the first time, real fear punched her in the gut. This wasnt just
about bears anymore. This was about being lost with no phone or
food or fresh water.
Jesus, Jack. Where are you?
She wandered out onto the dock and gazed across the lake.
There was a large residence perched atop a cliff on the other side,
but it was so far away, there was no way for her to contact
anyone.
Dejected she dropped to her knees and pulled them up close
as she stared out at the water. Visualize, dammit. Visualize Jack.
She closed her eyes and saw his face, the ache inside her
something fierce. God, Jack, what have I done,
 she whispered,
rubbing her cheek along her forearm and wiping away the few
tears that fell.
Donovan unwrapped her legs and tossed her hoodie onto the
dock, scrunching it into a sad looking pillow. She was so tired. So
warm. She laid down, stretching out along the dock and
burrowing her head into the bunched up hoodie. She heard the
drone of a plane overhead and listened to it until it was no more.
With heavy eyelids, she eventually fell asleep.
She wasnt sure how long shed been out but when she
opened her eyes, the sky was dark and ominous clouds had rolled
in. Thunder cracked and lightening followed, both so loud and
close that she sat up, momentarily dizzy because shed moved
too fast.
She heard music and the sound of a motor.
Help had come!
Big drops of rain splashed onto her face and Donovan
stumbled to her feet, swiping at the rain to clear her eyes. She
waved frantically, yelling for help, hobbling around on a foot
that was now swollen to twice its size.
She yelled until she was hoarse, eyes on the distance and a
boat making its way across the choppy lake.
Please come,
 she whispered, shivering and wet and
miserable. Please.
She bit her lip and tried to shout one more time, but it was no
use. Her vocal chords were done for.
And just when she thought help had passed her by, the boat
turned and headed for her. She was so beside herself that when
it pulled up alongside the dock, at first she couldnt answer any
of their questions.
Are you okay?
Who are you?
Do you need help?
Maybe we need to take her to the hospital,
 one of them
said.
It was enough to snap her out of her funk. No hospital. She
just needed to be with Jack.
No,
 she shook her head. Can you take me to Jack?
Donovan managed to say. Her teeth were chattering so hard that
she wasnt sure the woman understood.
Jack? Is that your husband?
Jack Simon. Do you know him?
The woman shook her head. No. Im sorry. Do you know
where hes at?
No,
 Donovan whispered, fighting back tears. I went for
walk and got lost.
Its a big lake but you couldnt have wandered that far,
 she
said.
Think, Donnie, think.
Brett Campbell. Hes Jacks neighbor. Do you know him?
Again the woman shook her head, but this time she yelled out
to her companions. Anyone know a Brett Campbell? What
about a Jack Simon?
Simon? The American guy? His brothers an actor or
something? That was from the guy behind the wheel.
Donovan nodded. Yes. Jack.
I know where that place is. Down on millionaire alley. He
hit full throttle and less than twenty minutes later ,they pulled
up alongside Jacks dock. By now the rain was falling steady and
after thanking her rescuers, Donovan made her way toward the
house. The going was slow because her ankle was killing her and
by the time she reached the porch, she was drenched.
Her hand was on the doorknob when it was wrenched from
her grasp, her fingers flailing in the air and coming into contact
with a hard male chest. She glanced up, throat closed so tight
that she couldnt swallow.
Where the hell have you been? Jesus Christ, Donnie,
 Jack
said, his voice low and deadly. Ive been going fucking crazy. Do
you know that? Do you get that Donovan?
He shook her and her head snapped back but her body was
shaking so badly that she couldnt answer. And dammit, she was
going to cry.
His dark eyes widened as he angled his head for a better look.
What the he muttered, his touch gentle as he palmed her
cheek. What happened?
She winced and managed a few words. I fell.
Jack swore and slammed the door shut behind them. Her legs
were like limp spaghetti, and if not for his arms around her, she
would have fallen. As it was, she whimpered when she took a
step, and he cursed again, hands on her face and pulling her up
so that there was nowhere to look other than into his eyes.
She noticed that his hair was wet and so were his clothes.
Im sorry,
 she whispered, and then because she was weak
and pathetic, she started to cry.
Goddammit, Donovan. I have the police looking for you. I
just got back myself. I thought Jesus Christ I thought
But he never finished his sentence and with a growl, he pulled
her close, so that she was tucked under his chin. And for
Donovan, it felt like coming home. Like the safest place in the
world.
Im sorry,
 she said again, her voice hoarse. I got lost.
She squeezed her eyes shut when he kissed the top of her
head. Youre freezing.
Teeth chattering, she nodded but couldnt answer because a
fresh batch of tears had her choked up.
Its okay,
 he said, voice gruff. Ive got you.
Hearing those three words nearly did her in, and she clutched
at his shirt, unable to articulate how grateful she was. Even
though she was wet and cold and miserable, she was here with
him, and right now, it was all that mattered.
Jack scooped her into his arms and headed for the stairs.
J
22
ack Simon could handle a lot of things. He was used to
juggling more than one ball, and he was used to dealing with
circumstances that werent ideal. Hed learned early on in the
political arena that when shit happened, you let it happen
because most times, there was no way to stop it. You let the
chaos ensue and then you put a plan in place to fix it.
He was a fixer. Had the ability to think outside the box. Its
why he was good at his job.
But it was one thing to apply that code to a work day
situation. When it came to something up close and personal, it
was a hell of a lot harder to keep some kind of perspective. To
keep from freaking the hell out.
Hed lost his shit today. More than once. When he realized
that Donovan was missing, hed barely kept it together. Him.
The guy they called Stone Cold Simon.
Jack gave his head a shake.
Right now, he had Donovan where she needed to be. In his
place. In his arms. He had her.
He strode across the landing and headed for his bedroom.
Once inside, he kicked open the door to the bathroom and gently
set her down on the counter. She was shaking so hard that he
grabbed a towel and wrapped it around her.
Her eyes were closed, and a bruise on her cheek was looking
nasty. His gut tightened, and he slid his palm over her cheek.
Donovan leaned into him, and Jack felt as if he was coming
apart. Never had he felt this helpless.
Hey, Ill be right back,
 he said roughly.
She opened her eyes and damn but those tears lingering in
the corners got to him. He wiped one away and dropped a kiss on
her head before turning on the shower and heading into his
room for a moment.
He grabbed his cell out of his pocket and sent a quick text to
Sabrina so that she wouldnt worry and then he called the police,
leaving a message with the desk sergeant that Donovan was
home and that she was safe.
He started to tug his shirt over his head and pausedshit
Maverick would have his ass if he didnt give him an update.
Hed called him earlier, thinking that maybe Donovan had been
in contact, but his cousin hadnt heard shit from her and had
proceeded to give Jack an earful.
Most of it deserved, which was the only reason Jack hadnt
given it right back to him.
Jack sent Rick a text and headed back to the bathroom,
stripping off the rest of his wet clothes before reaching for her.
Donovans eyes looked huge, and they never left his as he
carefully peeled away the towel and her wet clothes. Her arms
were scratched up, and she had more than her fair share of bug
bites, but he wasnt overly concerned until he got a peek at her
ankle. It was starting to purple and he was pretty sure it was
sprained.
Carefully he lifted her and stepped into the hot shower. Jack
held her for several long minutes, letting the hot spray wash
over both of them. Eventually her body relaxed and the shivering
stopped.
Babe, Im going to have you stand, but you need to watch
your foot, okay?
She nodded, but remained silent. Donovan wasnt the silent
type. She was the kind of woman who yelled and cursed when
things got rough. This silent shit scared the crap out of him.
Those huge eyes looked up at him as Jack set her down and
reached for the soap. Once his hands were lathered up he slid
them over her shoulders and began to wash her. Slowly,
carefully, he kneaded tight muscles, and massaged sore limbs.
He touched every inch of her. Her breasts. Her stomach and
hips. Her thighs and calves. He cleaned the bottom of her feet
and gingerly washed her injured ankle. He got between her toes,
the underside of her arch.
Every single inch.
After that, he coaxed her into his arms so that she was resting
on him and he carefully washed her hair. By the time he was
done, her eyes were open and they regarded him in silence.
He hated the silence. This wasnt Donovan.
They stood under the hot shower for a long time, it seemed,
and then she made a sound, like a sigh, and traced a path down
his chest with her fingers. His body, already hyperaware of the
woman in his arms, reacted immediately. His cock hardened and
when her fingers flew like butterflies over his abdomen he
clenched his jaw so tight that it hurt.
Now was not the time to go there. Sex wasnt what this was
about. He wanted to comfort her and let her know that even
though their situation was royally screwed up, things would be
okay. They had to be okay.
Donovan paused, her touch light on his hip, there where hed
once had a tattoo. Her tattoo.
She stared down at it, her fingers still caressing him and,
Jesus, he wasnt strong enough. His dick was so hard and heavy,
and when she moved against him he hissed, whether from pain
or pleasure he wasnt sure. Maybe it was both.
Donnie,
 he said carefully. Things were unsettled between
them, and theyd both had an emotional day. He should step
back. Gain that perspective that he needed so badly. A stronger
man would.
But then shed always been his kryptonite, hadnt she? The
one weakness he couldnt get over.
I almost had mine removed,
 she said softly.
When he didnt respond she looked up at him. My tattoo.
Maverick took me. Id been crying on his shoulder for weeks, and
I was a mess. I guess he got sick of it, because he dragged me to
his local tattoo guy. Told me that the only way to get over you
was to get rid of everything that reminded me of you.
She exhaled, her eyes back on the empty patch of skin. But I
couldnt do it. I sat in that chair, drank a fifth of whisky and
waited for the pain to go away. When the guy was about to start
the laser treatment, I bolted. I justran. This tattoo is a
testament to what we had and what I lost.
She sniffled and his heart turned over at the sadness in her
eyes. He felt like an absolute shit, but he had to at least try and
make her understand. For him, it was different. He wasnt
strong enough to carry that kind of burden around. He needed a
clear linea finish lineand hed taken it.
Im sorry,
 he said quietly. I had to.
She lowered her lashes, wet from the water, and blew across
his flesh. I know. I screwed up so badly, Jack. So badly.
Hey,
 he said, running his hands through her hair. We
dont have to do this. Not now. Its been one hell of a day.
Donovans hands moved up to his chest, and she slid her
mouth across one of his nipples. It wasnt fair. The reaction she
got out of him with a touch as simple as that.
His fingers were still in her hair and maybe it was the tilt of
her chin, or the way she looked so vulnerable that had him tied
up in knots. Maybe it was the feel of her in his arms or the sight
of his mark on her body. His tattoo. The one shed kept.
Whatever it was, when she made that sound, that little whimper
of surrender he was done for.
There was no turning back.
Hed been scared shitless most of the day. With no idea of her
whereabouts. With the cops telling him it wasnt unusual for
hikers to go missing for days. With the memory of their fight in
his mind.
At one point, he would have gladly wrung her neck for putting
him through that, but right now, with her soft and wet and
willing, he had other things in mind.
Jack bent and swept a kiss over her mouth, biting her bottom
lip before trailing a line down her throat. She arched backward
and his cock hardened even more when her thighs pressed into
him.
Her pulse ramped up, and he licked her there, his hands
sliding over her wet body before his mouth left her throat and
then closed over one of her nipples. He gave it a tug, his teeth
grazing, teasing.
Jack,
 she gasped.
He smiled wickedly and then he suckled hard, his tongue and
mouth firmly in place.
She bucked against him and then whimpered, her hands now
in his hair and holding him there. He licked and sucked and
kneaded until she swore (now there was his old Donovan), and
yanked on his head so hard, he glanced up.
Her mouth was open and she was panting for him, that damn
tongue licking the corner of her mouth, there where her mole
was.
He reached for her again, hands on either side of her face.
Both of them were breathing hard, and he needed to take a
moment. Get some of that perspective back.
Donnie,
 he managed to say roughly. Maybe we shouldnt

Oh we are,
 she said hoarsely. We so are.
That was enough for him. His perspective could go to hell.
Jacks tongue went deep as he claimed her mouth and kissed
her with all the fury and passion and anger and need that was
inside him. Tongues danced, hands slid over slick skin, touching
here and caressing there, and it seemed like hours had passed
when they eventually came up for air.
Christ, kissing had to be the most underrated form of
pleasure there was. He could spend hours kissing this woman.
Every cell in his body was firing all cylinders and Jack was so
damn hard and readyall from a kiss.
He would have taken it slow. Gone back for some more tongue
dancing. He would have loved and kissed every damn inch of her
body. But Donovan wasnt having any of that. There was a fever
in her eyes, and he understood her need to connect.
He felt it too.
They could have lost everything today, but instead theyd
found their way back to each other. Sure there was a lot of crap
to wade through, but Jack wasnt letting this woman go. Not
again. Not even if she wanted it.
Donovan James was his, and he was going to damn well prove
it to her.
Theres no going back,
 he said, hands on her hips.
Her bottom lip trembled a bit. I dont want to go back.
Jack growled and lifted her into the air, hot water sluicing
over them as he thrust deeply into her slick heat. Bracing her
against the wall, he levered her just so, a dark grin on his face
when she cried out and wrapped her legs around him.
This is gonna be fast and hard,
 he said hoarsely, his body
finding rhythm, his strokes deep.
Fast and hard is good,
 she managed to say before kissing
him into silence.
As it turned out fast and hard was more than good. In fact it
called for seconds.
And it was nearly an hour and a half later when the two of
them collapsed onto Jacks bed. Both wet and satiated and
thoroughly loved.
Jack rolled Donovan into his arms and held her until her
breathing was even and he knew that she was asleep. Outside,
the storm raged on and Jack had no way of knowing that a new
one was brewing, and it would be one that would test him in
ways hed never thought possible.
He eventually drifted off, missing his cellphone and the
vibration that signaled a slew of text messages.
A slew of messages that signaled the coming storm.
D
23
onovan must be dreaming. Or maybe shed perished in the
Canadian wilderness because this right here? This was heaven.
Waking up beside Jack Simon after a night of lovin sure as hell
was her idea of bliss.
He was on his back, one arm flung above his head, the other
resting on her hip. Her leg was tucked between his, and as she
lay on her side gazing up at him, she knew that she could spend
hours doing nothing but watching him. It was a total high school
moment. An, Im-fifteen-and-crushing-huge kind of moment,
but she didnt care.
His thick hair was a mess, and it gave him a boyish look.
Coupled with his five oclock shadow, that beautiful, sculpted
mouth and eyelashes any woman would kill for, he was sexy as
hell. He was sexy and yummy and at the moment, Jack Simon
was all hers.
The storm broke sometime in the night, and the sunlight
streaming in from the windows bathed them both in warmth,
but the rays gave Jack an almost ethereal look.
Ethereal on Jack was damn hot.
Donovan watched him, listened to his breathing and when
she laid her head on his chest, she loved the sound of his heart
beating slow and steady. Damn, but she missed this. Waking up
with Jack.
Tears sprang to her eyes, and she sniffled, swiping at them.
No more of that shit. She was done with all of it. Done with
feeling sorry for herself. Done with living a life through eyes that
were half dead. Done denying that this connection was ever
going to go away. There was no chance in hell of that happening.
She winced and eased her body a bit, but it was no use. She
was sore in places she hadnt known existed. How much of it was
from her night of sin or how much from her pathetic adventure
in the great outdoors was anyones guess, but it was a good sore
nonetheless.
Sore meant shed survived that long trek into the bush.
Sore meant that shed had one hell of a hot night with a man
she loved.
And pain? Well, pain just meant that she was living.
Jack,
 she whispered. Are we going to make it?
He didnt answer, of course, because he was still asleep, and
she kissed his chest, laying her cheek there again so that she
could keep listening to him. He was like a melody she hadnt
written yet. A melody slowly coming to life. She didnt want to
think about all the hard stuff still ahead. Didnt want to think
about Cooper Simon or Derek McKenzie or the many scenarios
that could still play out.
All she wanted to think about was how good it was to be here.
In this moment with Jack.
Now, maybe Donovan was doing what her mama says she
always did. Pulling an OHara (as in Scarlett), which basically
meant putting off today for a chance at tomorrow. But she didnt
care. Nope. Donovan had other things on her mind.
She moved so that she was on top of a Jack, smiling wickedly
at the pleasure that erupted all over her. She slid her leg so that
her soft folds were pressed against his hard thigh and slowly she
gyrated her hips.
Nice. She pushed into him harder.
Very nice.
She was already wet. So wet. And licking her lips, breaths
falling in small pants at the sensation of his hard skin against
her moist center, she continued to move.
Her breasts were already swelling, the nipples taut and
pebbled, as she slowly kissed his chest and ran her hands up his
shoulders. The man was built like a god, and she smiled when
she felt his cock start to thicken against her.
Moving onto her knees Donovan stared down at Jack. She
bent forward and her breath caught when her sensitive nipples
scraped across his chest. She brushed thick hair off of his
forehead and kissed him softly on the mouth before heading
lower.
The ache between her own legs intensified as she made her
way down his abdomen, and she whimperedlike a baby
wanting more. His cock wasnt fully erect yetshe glanced up
half expecting to find his dark eyes on herbut he was still
asleep.
Not for long,
 she whispered.
Donovan tossed her long tangled hair over her shoulders and
slid her hand along the base of his cock. She stroked it, slowly,
carefully, before teasing the head with her tongue. When he
jerked and swore, she looked up at him with a smile.
Good morning, Jack.
He opened his legs giving her all access, and she laughed.
Seems to be,
 he replied, a lazy grin on his face.
Donovan didnt wait. She bent down and took him into her
mouth, her tongue sliding underneath the head. She put
pressure there, with her fingers and her tongue and loved the
way he shifted beneath her. The play of muscles in his thighs.
The masculine scent. The velvety softness. The hard and
straining cock.
Goddammit, Donnie. Keep that up and this will be over
before it begins.
But his smile was still there and with his sleep heavy eyes,
rumpled hair, he was so damn sexy it made her ache. This easy
place was the one she remembered. The one that had haunted
her. It was as if the last five years had never happened, and they
were just themselves.
Do you like this? she asked, flicking her tongue along his
shaft.
No.
Youre lying.
I am.
Do you want me to continue?
No.
She laughed, low and throaty. Youre lying.
Jacks eyebrow rose. I might be.
Donovan took him back into her mouth and suckled him, first
gently and then with firm strokes. Her tongue and her fingers
were everywhere. Sucking. Stroking. Licking. She could tell he
was closefelt it in her mouth and her handsand when he
yanked on her head she let him slide out of her mouth with a
grin.
Youre a fucking jezebel,
 he said hoarsely.
I know.
Donovan crawled up his body and with her elbows leaning on
either side of his head, claimed his mouth and kissed him with
every ounce of passion that she had. She loved everything about
this man. Every. Single. Thing.
She always had, and it was damn time she claimed him again.
She wanted there to be no doubt at all. She wanted Jack to know
that she was all in.
Donovan broke off their kiss and stared down at him. Chest
heaving, her head fell back when he coaxed one of her breasts
into his mouth.
Dont stop,
 she managed to say. His hands roved her body,
kneading her ass and pulling her closer and closer. He blew
across her damp nipple. Tugged on the end then claimed the
other one. Every pull and tug shot straight through Donovan.
It was hot and intense, and she was so close to the edge that
she knew she would fall.
Donovan slowly eased up onto her knees so that she straddled
Jack. Her hands ran down his chest and then up her own thighs
until they paused, just below her tattoo.
There was something to be said about the power of sexuality.
Right now, with Jack looking at her as if he wanted to eat every
single inch of her body, well, that was empowering. That was
real.
They were real.
Slowly she opened her legs.
He swore.
She smiled, her fingers dipping into her slick folds.
Youre killing me,
 he said, voice rough like sandpaper.
Am I? she teased.
Donnie,
 he growled.
She slid over him and he swore again as her heat enveloped
his cock. She let him settle inside. He filled her. Every inch of
him hard and straining.
Donovan reached for him. She cupped his face and kissed him
urgently as she began to ride him. Slow and steady. His hands
were on her hips and their eyes connected as she sat back and let
their bodies take over.
All she heard was her fast beating heart. The squeak of the
bedsprings as their tempo increased. All she saw was Jack. His
broad shoulders. Straining biceps. The way his eyes darkened.
They smoldered like black coal andher heart skipped a beat
and they shone with love.
She knew that look. Shed dreamt of that look.
Donovans heart swelled and, goddammit, were those tears
poking the corner of her eyes again? How the hell could she be
crying when she felt to incredibly fulfilled?
I love you Jack,
 she said fiercely. So much.
She felt the pull inside, that coil unfurling hot and sweet and
sharp as they raced toward orgasm. Jack strained beneath her,
sweat glistening on his forehead, his curls damp once more.
They were one. Connected in a way meant only for the two of
them.
When she came, she came hard, her muscles contracting
tightly, her body awash in fire and pleasure. Jack came seconds
later, and as she continued to ride him, to take whatever he had
left, she collapsed against his chest and bit her lip because it was
that beautiful.
For a long time, the two of them strained against each other.
It was as if they were afraid to lose their connection. To lose
something that theyd just found.
Hey,
 Jack said quietly. Are you okay?
Donovan nodded. She couldnt speak. There was no way to
articulate what was going on inside her.
I need to see your face.
She exhaled shakily and tilted her head, but it wasnt enough
for Jack. He sank one hand into her hair while the other wiped
away her tears. He was silent for a few moments, and God help
her, but she was going to cry again.
What the hell was wrong with her?
Ive never stopped loving you, Donnie. Even when Id
convinced myself that it was over I knew. Deep down I knew
there was only you. Some things in life are absolute. Living.
Dying. Breathing. My love for you is absolute. My need to be with
you is absolute.
He kissed her nose and rested his forehead against hers.
Yesterday when you were missing, I lost it.
Jack,
 she whispered.
I fucking lost it,
 he continued. If anything had happened
to you, Im not sure what I would have done. All I could think
about was my life without you, and it was pretty dark. Im telling
you right now that there is no more Jack or Donovan. Theres
only us.
That was it. She was done for. Donovan gasped and began to
cry like a baby. Jack must have thought she was crazy, but he said
nothing. He did what hed always done. He gave her what she
needed. He held her. Stroked her hair and murmured words of
love and desire and need.
The sun continued to rise and under the warmth of that
ethereal light, they both fell asleep again.
J
24
ack woke up feeling way too damn good. Maybe he should be
nervous about that fact. It had been a long time since hed
woken feeling so content. But hell, he decided he was gonna roll
with it. No reason to stress. He stretched and laid in the tangle of
bed sheets, savoring the feeling for as long as he could.
He could still smell Donovan and wondered where she was.
Shower maybe?
Someone had drawn the blinds, had to be Donovan, and he
had no idea what time it was. Did it matter? Did anything matter
other than the fact that he and Donovan had somehow managed
to get something right? After all this time, it seemed they were
finally on the right track.
Coco jumped onto the bed, and Jack stroked his head absently
for a few seconds before rolling over. He slid out of bed and
grabbed his boxers, slipping them on before heading out to find
Donovan.
He was halfway across his bedroom when he heard a guitar,
and with a grin, he made his way downstairs.
Where was she?
On bare feet he padded across the great room and followed
the sound of music to the sun room out back, Coco on his heels.
Jack scooped up the little guy and leaned against the doorframe,
listening to her as her fingers flew over the fret board, pulling
out a melody as pretty as the sunrise.
When she started to sing, he froze. Holy hell. Hed forgotten
how good she was. Her voice was like smoke and whiskey, full
bodied and fluid. Her range was impressive, her pitch spot on,
and the edge that made her stand out from the crowd, that little
bit of rasp that was all hers, was better than ever.
She could soar to the eagles and fall in an instant, her voice
incredibly intimate, raw and real.
And then there was her guitar picking. The girl wasnt just
good, she could play with the best of them. Hed seen her
perform at the Opry several times with the greats, and shed left
the stage with a bunch of dropped jaws in her wake and a crowd
gone crazy.
She was the real deal, and damn, but Jacks heart swelled as
he watched her. When she glanced up, her fingers froze and
silence fell between them. Her hair was a tumbled mess. Her
eyes fresh and bright. That mouth of hers was bruised from their
night of loving, and that body was barely covered by an old Tshirt
of his.
Thats a good look on you,
 he said slowly, eyes sweeping
over her in appreciation. I like you in my clothes.
She set the guitar aside. Its all I could find.
I have no problem with that.
Good,
 she said softly.
For a moment, silence slid between them. But it wasnt an
awkward sort of thing. It was an easy silence. And like an old
friend, it was one he welcomed.
I fed him,
 Donovan said.
Fed? Jack started forward.
The dog.
Ah. He let Coco down and watched the little thing run over
to Donovan. Coco was trembling and he licked her toes before
hopping up beside her.
Somewhere in the house, a cellphone rang out.
You gonna answer that? she asked, eyes on him.
No. Jack walked toward her. Im not going to answer
that.
Any particular reason? A smile played around the corner of
her mouth.
Ive got a few. He slid onto the sofa beside her and didnt
blink when Coco barked in disgust. He pulled her into his arms
and kissed her good and hard.
Wanna share? she asked breathlessly.
Jack pulled them back into the soft cushions. Im not
inclined to let the real world in yet. I just got you back, and call
me a greedy bastard, but I sure as hell dont want to share you
with anyone.
She had nothing for him but that was fine. Jack was content
to hold her, to listen to her breathe. To feel the warmth of her
and inhale the scent of her. He was content to let things be for
now, because he had a feeling they were in for a bumpy ride.
Things werent going to be easy. Aside from the media circus
that would descend, there were still issues between them that
had to be worked out. But there was time for all of that.
I called my mom today.
Jacks eyes opened. And?
She sighed. She gave me an earful for running off to Canada
without telling her, and then she hung up.
Jacks mouth tightened. He could never pretend to
understand their relationship, because from what hed seen, it
wasnt exactly healthy. Jayleigh loved her daughter, but loving
and knowing how to show love were two entirely different
things. Jayleigh wasnt going to win any mother of the year
awards, and it was probably a smart thing for Donovan to
distance her mother from Donovans business dealings.
I wouldnt worry about it.
Im not. But she was. He could feel it. Her shoulders were
tense.
Hey,
 he whispered near her ear. How do you feel about
French toast?
I think that might hit the spot.
Jack got to his feet and pulled her up, but when she winced,
he froze.
My foot,
 she mumbled.
Jack glanced down at her ankle which was purple and still
swollen, though not as bad as the night before. Shit. Hed
forgotten all about it.
I think you need to see a doctor.
No,
 Donovan said, shaking her head. I dontIm fine.
Something in her voice made him uneasy. A trip to the
doctor isnt going to hurt you.
No, but that would be the best way for the media to find out
Im up here, and thats the last thing that I want.
She glanced up at him. You just said you dont want the
outside world finding its way into ours. At least not yet. Cant we
just have a little more time to deal with everything before that
happens?
Everything. Like that damn pregnancy test. And all the other
shit. Thing was? It was the other shit that he was concerned
about.
At least let me ask Sabrina for a quick look. She used to be a
nurse before the kids came along.
Donovan nodded. Okay.
The two of them were in the kitchenDonovan propped on
the counter as Jack busied himself making French toastwhen
the door banged open and two bundles of energy ran inside.
Hey,
 Harry shouted. Youre alive! Youre alive!
Jack tossed him a strawberry and the little guy caught it.
Of course Im alive, silly,
 Donovan said.
But Harry tolded me that you might have got eaten by a big
bear,
 Morgan said, her eyes huge as she stared up at Donovan.
Nope,
 Donovan replied. Im all good.
Yay! Morgan shouted. Uncle Jack said a lot of bad words
when you were gone.
He did,
 Harry piped in. He said that one that starts with
an F so many times that Mommy says we might be able to fly to
Mexico once he pays the swear jar.
Did he now? Donovan asked.
Jack shot the kids a look. The little traitors.
I told you guys to wait for me. Sabrina walked into the
house and didnt stop until she had Donovan in a fierce hug.
You scared crap out of me.
Is crap a bad word? Morgan asked, twirling a long lock of
hair between her fingers as she looked at her brother.
I dont think so,
 Harry replied. It means poo.
Morgan giggled and Jack grinned at the two of them. Just
dont say the S-word,
 Jack said.
Whats the S word? Morgan asked.
It starts with sh
Harrison Campbell. Thats enough. Sabrina shot them a
stern look before settling onto Jack. You might want to put
some clothes on while I take a look at Donovans ankle.
Jack glanced down at his boxers. Not exactly appropriate for
company.
He turned the heat low, pressed a kiss to Donovans cheek (to
another round of giggles from Morgan and a big fat eeewww
from Harry) before heading up the stairs to his room.
Hed just pulled on a T-shirt when his cell went off again. Jack
almost ignored it, but when another text came through, he
strode over to the chair where hed dumped his cargoes the day
before and rifled through his front pocket to retrieve the damn
phone.
One glance down told him all hell had broken loose, and just
like that, the ease and peace of his morning vanished.
There were several from Maverick, but he ignored those. His
cousin was probably just giving him the gears again, and while
Jack knew he deserved it, he didnt need to be reminded over and
over again.
He scrolled through a few missed calls from his mother. Okay
those hed have to return, but again, it could wait. He saw that
Tucker had called and so had his sister Grace. Hell, there was
even two texts from his brother Teague, and Teague was
somewhere in South America.
What the hell? He didnt read any of them, he just scrolled
through until he got to the last one. It set his teeth on edge, and
he frowned. From Derek, it was simple and to the point. The guy
had never been one for subtlety.
Are you fucking crazy? Donovan James? We need to talk.
Jacks finger scrolled over Dereks text, and the anger that
settled in his gut was something fierce. It was time he and Derek
had a meeting.
He tossed his cell back onto the bed and exhaled, running a
hand over the several days worth of growth on his chin. How the
hell did Derek know about Donovan?
Whatever,
 he muttered. He was going to have these few
days with his woman, and then hed face whatever shit storm
was coming his way.
Jack took two steps out of his bedroom before he knew that
wasnt going to happen. Coco was barking crazily. It was the kind
of crazy that signaled company. He wasnt exactly sure if the shit
storm had already found its way inside his house, but something
sure as hell was happening.
He glanced over the railing and swore.
Maverick was looking up at him, and if he was reading his
cousin right, the guy wanted to kill Jack. Whatever. Maverick he
could handle. It was the other two who concerned him more.
Especially the small, petite thing.
His mother.
She was like a barracuda when it came to her kids and when
Donovan and Jacks relationship had busted wide open, shed
been in his corner 100%. Jack was pretty sure that his mother
would have gone toe to toe with Donovan if given the chance.
He sure as hell didnt need her poking around in his business,
because right now, he wasnt exactly sure what his business was
all about.
Jack, do you want to explain whats going on? his mother
said, eyebrow raised in that way that told him her hackles were
up. She was preparing to fight, and dammit but he was too
damned tired to do it right now. Eden DuRocher-Simon had
never had a problem voicing her opinion. And she would get into
Donovans face without a thought.
Thing was? Donovan was always up for a fight. Shed give as
good as she got, but Jack wasnt having any of it.
This right here was no ones business but his and Donnies.
Not now, Mom,
 Jack said taking the stairs two at a time and
not stopping until he stood at the counter beside Donovan.
Sabrina was quiet. Donovan was quiet. Hell, the goddamn dog
was quiet.
It was too quiet.
Morgan wrinkled her nose and pointed to Rick. You look like
a girl. Like the girl who works at Mommys bank. She has a
mustache. 
Jack tried to hide his smile, but he couldnt do it.
Morgan! Sabrina hissed.
But Mommy he does,
 Morgan replied, as she turned to her
mother. His hair is longer than yours and his eyes are pretty.
The quiet was broken. Leave it to a kid.
Jack smiled and glanced around the room. So who wants
coffee?
D
25
onovan was mortified. To be caught practically naked by
Jacks parents wasnt something she wanted to repeat. Like ever.
Sure most people would have found at least a little humor in
the situation, but it was obvious that Jacks mother wasnt a fan.
Not that Donnie blamed her, but still, the look on her face when
shed walked into the house had made Donovans stomach turn.
It had been shock. Disbelief. And then something akin to
dislike. It was there and gone just as quick, Donovan had seen it,
and it had been enough.
Sabrina quickly bowed out with her kids, promising to call
when Brett was up for a visit.
Jack stood in front of her, his back to his family, and for a few
seconds, all Donovan could do was close her eyes and try to get
her shit together.
Hey,
 Jack said softly, his hand sliding to her chin. Hows
the foot?
She exhaled and opened her eyes. Sabrina says its sprained.
She left me this tenser bandage so
Jack scooped up the bandage and carefully, gently, wrapped
her foot. She didnt know her breath was held until she let it out
in a big whoosh when he set her leg back down. She was still
perched on the counter, trapped between Jack and his family.
What happened to your face?
That was Rick. He was a few inches to Jacks left, and she saw
the concern there.
Im fine, Maverick. It was stupid, really. I fell down this
incline, and well, Im lucky all I ended up with was a sprained
ankle.
Lucky,
 Rick muttered, his eyes on Jack. Yeah, real lucky.
Jack turned to his cousin. If you got something to say
Maverick, why the hell dont you say it?
Boys,
 Noah Simon said gruffly. Enough.
Jack glanced back at his father and sighed. Its been a tough
couple of days.
Noah nodded. Im sure it has. Why dont I put a pot of coffee
on and you can get...ahDonovan can
Dressed would be good,
 his mother said coolly, rummaging
in the pantry for the coffee. Ill make the coffee, Noah. Why
dont you take our things upstairs. Maverick you, too. I dont like
mess, and these suitcases are in the way.
Donovan slid off the counter, shaking her head when Jack
would have taken her hand. I dont need you to get dressed,

she said softly.
No, but I dont mind watching.
Devil.
Donovan attempted a smile but just couldnt quite get there.
She avoided Mavericks piercing gaze and walked with as much
dignity as she could toward the stairs. By the time she reached
them, her cheeks burned red, and she was glad no one could see
her. The stupid T-shirt barely covered her ass and she tried to
hold onto the railing, while tugging the shirt down as low as she
could so that said ass wasnt on display for Jacks parents.
Though the thought of mooning his mother did bring a smile
to her face, even if it was only for a second.
She had just stepped inside her bedroom when Maverick slid
in behind her and closed the door shut.
Rick, not now,
 she said, walking across to her suitcase and
rifling through it for something suitable. She hadnt bothered to
unpack and most of the stuff was wrinkled. She grabbed up a
pale pink dress, but it was too short. It was longer than the
goddamn T-shirt she was wearing, but still. Next she reached for
a pair of jean cut offs. Theyd do.
Why the hell are you here, anyway? she asked, scooping up
a plain white T-shirt. She turned to Maverick, suddenly curious
and on the heels of that thought, sort of nauseous.
Why were they all here?
You went missing, Donnie. Did you forget that?
II was gone for a few hours. Her mind, raced but she had
nothing. She was tired, hungry as hell and pretty much sick of
the drama that always seemed to attach itself to her life.
IT WAS a lot longer than a few hours. Jack called me yesterday.
He was out of his mind, because no one could find you. He
thought that maybe youd called me. Maybe youd flown home to
LA.
Donovan sat on the edge of her bed, her legs buckling. He
called you?
Damn right he did, and I told him that I hadnt heard shit
from you and that if one hair on your head was damaged, I was
going to kick his ass from here to the moon and back.
A wave of fatigue washed over her and the clothes shed
picked out fell through her fingers onto the floor. She felt like
shit.
Hey,
 Maverick said, crossing the room to her side. You
okay?
Yeah, I just Her head shot up. Why are Jacks parents
here?
Donovan,
 Maverick said slowly. I dont think youre
understanding the situation. The whole damn world knows
youre up in Canada with Jack. Its only a matter of time before
the paparazzi and reporters find their way out to this lake.
Donovan thought she was going to pass out.
But how? She said weakly. Jack wouldnt have said
anything.
Im guessing its because the police got involved. A high
profile celebrity goes missing isnt something thats easy to keep
under wraps.
Police?
Maverick looked at her as if shed lost her mind. You were
gone, Donnie. Of course he called the police.
Shit.
Alarm. It was like a fast and hard blade thrust deep into bone.
It hurt, and she bent forward, head in hands and tried to calm
her racing heart. Shit,
 she said again.
Maverick was on the bed beside her, his arms around her
shaking body. What the hell? When are you going to level with
me, because somethings going on, and its not just about you
and Jack playing house up here.
She yanked her head up, voice shaking so badly she wasnt
sure shed be able to get the words out. Does Cooper know?
Mavericks eyes narrowed. What does my brother have to do
with this? Why is the fact that you and Jack obviously worked out
whatever issues you had, a problem?
Does he know? she said, not caring that she sounded as if
she was about to jump off the edge of a cliff. Because she was in
fact standing on the edge, and it sure as hell felt as if she was
falling.
For a few seconds, Rick said nothing and then he shrugged. I
dont know. I havent talked to the guy in a couple days. Hes
probably at his place in Maine. But its only a matter of time. You
and Jack are trending on twitter for Christ sake. As of this
morning, youre the number one story on every entertainment
news show that there is.
Donovan was on her feet like a rocket. She stumbled over the
clothes on the floor and looked around for her purse. She rooted
through the large Kate Spade, but her cellphone wasnt there
and then she turned back toward the bed, hair flying wildly and
spotted the device on the comforter.
Maverick watched her but remained silent. His dark eyes were
concerned, but she ignored him, and when he got up, she never
noticed. Donovans only thought was heading off a showdown
with Cooper before she could tell Jack everything.
With shaking fingers, she looked through her contacts but no
dice.
Rick whats his number? Frantic she glanced up.
Whose?
Cooper. Whats his number? I need to talk to him.
If hes in Maine he wont answer.
I dont care. I have to talk to try.
He tossed her his cell, and she quickly searched through
Ricks contacts until she found the number she needed. She held
the cell to her ear, biting her lip nervously as she waited for the
connection and when she heard his voice, she jumped.
Cooper, I...
But it was his voice mail and Donovan clenched the phone so
tightly that her fingers cramped. She waited for his message to
be over and then took a deep breath, hoping she didnt sound
like the lunatic she heard in her head.
Cooper, please call me as soon as you get this message.
There are things you dont know, things that are just please
call me before you do anything or talk to Jack. Please. She
paused, fighting tears and fatigue and hurt and fear. Its
Donovan.
With dead fingers she tossed the cell onto the bed.
Donovan.
She ignored Maverick and hoped he would go away. She didnt
want to talk. Didnt want to share. And she sure as hell didnt
want to go downstairs.
Like a caged animal, she began to pace, biting her nails, eyes
on the floor. Had it always been knotted walnut?
Donnie,
 Maverick said again, this time louder. She turned
around and froze.
Are you going to tell me about this? he asked.
Her eyes moved to his hand. To the small white plastic tube
shed left on the counter of her bathroom the day before. Sweat
broke out on her forehead.
This could not be happening.
But it was.
Mouth dry and feeling as if she was going to fall flat on her
face, Donovan attempted a shot of normalcy, but it pretty much
crumpled as soon as she spoke.
What does it say? she whispered.
You dont know? He looked so worried that Donovan had a
pretty good idea exactly what it said before she walked over to
Rick and took it from his fingers.
The roaring in her ears wouldnt go away. And her stomach
rolled so violently she felt as if she was sailing across the choppy
lake. Her eyes blurred and it took a bit for her to see the results.
To focus on that one blue line. A blue line that was sharp and
bright and so damn perfect it was hard to miss.
A blue line that wasnt going anywhere. Hell no. That blue
line was sticking around for about nine months.
W
26
hat are you doing Jack?
Jack was annoyed. He loved his mother, but the woman had a
habit of poking her nose into his business, and right now, he
could do without the poking. She meant well. She always meant
well, but he wasnt in the mood for a lecture.
Im not getting into this with you, Mom. Donovan is hands
off okay?
His mothers pale blond hair was tucked back into a classic
bob that shimmered under the sun peeking in from the window
over the sink. She filled the coffee carafe with water, but her
eyes never left his, and he could tell she was in this for the win.
Im your mother, Jack. Nothing is hands off. I dont care if
youre ten or twenty-five.
Yeah, well Im not twenty-five, Mom. Havent been for
several years.
Her mouth pursed. She didnt like that one.
Dont be smart with me, Jack. I know exactly how old you
are, and Im not leaving this alone.
Jack glanced upstairs. Christ. He didnt want to do this right,
now but he knew that if is mother wanted to discuss something,
it was happening. She was stubborn as hell, but then so was Jack.

So did he give in and get into it with her? Or was he up for an
epic standoff.
Look,
 he finally said, handing her the coffee grinds so that
she could add them to the machine. Donovan and I, we worked
out some stuff over the last week or so
Week? His mothers head shot up, and she spilled some
grinds onto the counter. He handed her a cloth and sighed.
We were together in Belize just over a week ago.
His mother was confused.
Grace set it up.
She shoved the carafe in place and pressed the ON button
before leaning against the counter, muttering Grace and
unbelievable. She tossed the cloth back into the sink and nailed
him with a harried look.
Lets forget about Grace and get back to the working things
out.
Theres not much to say. Nothing I want to share with you,
other than that were together.
Eden Simon crossed her arms across her chest and arched an
eyebrow. Five years ago, she broke your heart. Or have you
forgotten that?
Okay. His annoyance had ramped up way past ten. He needed
to shut this shit down now. Doesnt matter.
How can it not matter? Her arms flew into the air. Jack,
she didnt just break your heart, she broke mine, too. I wanted to
wipe her off this planet for hurting you. For her to just walk away
from you with no explanation is unforgivable.
Jacks heart melted, and he stepped forward. His mother
loved all of her kids with every cell in her body. She would go to
the mat for him. She would take on anyone if she thought theyd
wronged him. Pretty damn impressive considering she was five
feet nothing.
Mom,
 he said gently, his hands on her shoulders. I love
her.
Jack, shes no good for you.
Youre wrong about that.
Im your mother, Jack. Im not wrong about anything. That
was a line shed been using since he was five. It made him smile.
Youre wrong about this.
Am I? Prove it to me. Tell me why Im wrong.
Jack shook his head. Really? Were doing this now?
His mother nodded. Really. I just flew all the way from
Florida to hear this story, and Im damn well going to hear it. Tell
me why I have to accept this woman into our family again when
she couldnt get it right the first time around.
Jack stepped back. He ran his fingers through his hair and
sighed.
I love her.
You already said that.
Shouldnt that be enough?
No, Jack. Those are just words. I need more, or Im not on
board. And trust me, you want me on board.
More.
She nodded. More.
Jack was used to using words to express himself. He did it
every single day in the work place. He was used to giving
speeches and had made speaking at democratic fundraisers an
art form. He was good. He was damn good. So why was he
finding it so goddamn hard articulating what was in his heart?
He took a moment to look inward. To remember the terror
hed felt the day before when Donovan had been missing. He
thought about Belize, and he thought back to that first night
hed seen her in Nashville.
It was all there. Words jumbled up into images and thoughts
and feelings. He had to make her understand, because his
mother was right. He did need her on board. Anything else would
be unacceptable.
Shes the first thing I think about when I wake up. The last
thing on my mind before I sleep. Christ, this was gonna be
corny. Thank God none of his brothers were there to hear it.
When I think of ten years from now, its Donnie that I see at
my side. It was never Jessica or Monique or any of the woman
Ive been with. Its always been Donnie. Theres no one else. He
shrugged. Im all in with her. Always have been. She challenges
me like no one else. She excites me. She drives me crazy. She
completes me. Ive never met anyone like her. Hell, she knows
what Im thinking before I do. She owns every part of me and
yeah, thats some kind of power for someone to have, but isnt
that what love is all about? Being strong enough to let someone
have that kind of power?
With power comes responsibility,
 his mother said softly.
And youre right. It is a big deal to be responsible for someones
heart. So my question, I guess, is do you believe shes going to be
responsible with yours?
After everything hed been through with Donovan, some folks
might think he was nuts. But Jack didnt have to think about that
one. He went with his gut.
Yes. I do.
The coffee machine beeped signaling a fresh pot. His mother
was silent for a few moments and then with a sigh, reached for
two mugs.
Okay,
 she said softly.
Jack took the mugs from her and kissed her on the cheek.
Thank you.
His mother fixed their coffees and was just handing him a
mug when his father joined them. Noah Simon was an older
version of Jack. He was a man of few words and had learned early
on to give his wife some leeway when it came to their kids.
Theyd been together for years and had certainly seen their
ups and downs, but the two of them had always maintained a
united front, and for that Jack was grateful. If he and Donovan
could have half of what his parents enjoyed, theyd be damn
lucky.
You two work out your issues? Noah asked lightly, taking a
sip from his coffee.
Were good,
 Jack answered.
His father glanced upstairs before taking another sip of his
coffee. The media is going to be relentless. Theyll be all over
this. Shes a whole other ball of wax.
Nothing we cant handle.
But Jack wasnt stupid. He knew how invasive the media could
be. Americas infatuation with his family coupled with
Donovans celebrity and the fact that theyd already failed once
was going to be front and center. The fact that he was running
for Senator and hoping to snare that seat in the fall could suffer.
He thought of Derek and the damn text message from this
morning. He was going to have to deal with all of it sooner than
later. He knew the first thing out of his campaign managers
mouth was going to be,
Is she worth it?
A squeak had him turning his head toward the stairs and
Donovan froze, her hand on the railing, Maverick just behind
her. His cousin was a big guy, tall and athletic, like all of the
Simon men, and she looked so small next to him. So goddamn
beautiful. Dressed in simple pair of jean shorts and white Tshirt,
her hair was pulled up into a ponytail, her face was free of
makeup and he wanted to scoop her up into his arms and kiss
her until her head spun.
She was one hundred and fifty percent worth it.
Hey,
 he said gruffly watching her take the stairs slowly.
She was favoring the foot hed bandaged.
Hey,
 she answered, eyes on him. She paused on the bottom
step and for a second, she looked like the proverbial deer caught
in the headlights. He wasnt used to seeing an unsure Donovan
James. She wasnt big on showing her vulnerability and right
now, she looked frail and vulnerable as hell.
Would you like some coffee? his mother asked, standing
beside him and watching Donovan closely.
What the hell? Her complexion looked green.
No,
 she answered quickly. No Ithank you, but Im
good.
Something was off. He felt it and strode toward her. You
okay?
Donovan exhaled and glanced up at him, making his heart
turn over with just a look. That depends. Are we okay? She
asked hesitantly.
Were more than okay,
 he murmured.
Maverick stepped around Donovan and slapped Jack on the
shoulder before moving past them and grabbing himself a
coffee.
We need to talk, Jack.
He slid his arms around her, relieved but still on edge. We
will. But how about we have some eggs first?
B
27
y six oclock, paparazzi were camped out along the top road
and apparently there were boats out on the water, long lenses
trained onto the Simon home. Donovan knew this because her
mother sent her a text with a photo of Donovan on the dock, one
that was already posted to one of the online celebrity watch
sites.
She fingered her phone and jumped when it vibrated and then
rang. It was her motheragainand she couldnt put the
woman off any longer.
God, there went her stomach again, churning badly and
making her nauseous. Was it nerves? The pregnancy? Did you get
nauseous this early on?
Donovan knew nothing about babies. Heck, shed never even
changed a diaper. Her phone vibrated again, and she blew out a
long breath before answering it.
So much was still unsettled. She and Jack hadnt had a chance
to talk yet. Cooper hadnt contacted her either, and she was so
afraid he would leak the photos and video to the press that shed
hardly been able to eat.
Her mother, however, wouldnt wait, and it was time to at
least deal with her.
Im going to take this,
 she said holding up her cell. At
Jacks raised eyebrow she shrugged. Its my mother.
She slipped into the study just off the great room and put the
cell to her ear.
Donovan? Jayleigh James sounded stressed, and that was
never a good sign. The woman wasnt easy to deal with under
normal circumstance so this was gonna be a treat.
Im here Mom.
Are you going to tell me what the hell is going on? Im your
manager and why am I the last to know about you and Jack
Simon getting back together? When you told me you were in
Canada why didnt you tell me you were with him? Jesus Christ,
Donnie. I had to find out by seeing it on TMZ?
Typical. All she saw was Jack Simon and publicity. Some
things never changed.
Im good by the way,
 Donovan said, rubbing a hand along
her forehead. Survived an afternoon lost in the bush. Another
headache was coming. She pressed speaker and set her
cellphone onto the desk, eyes closed as she leaned against it.
You know, in case you were wondering.
According to TMZ, youre better than ever.
Right,
 she muttered. Of course her mother didnt care
about Donovans misadventure.
Ive already talked to your publicist and
So have I Mom, and shes been instructed not to take
anymore calls from you.
Well thats just ridiculous.
Not really, considering youre not my manager anymore.
You have no right to talk to anyone on my team. My lawyer and
everyone at my label knows not to open a dialogue with you.
Silence.
Big. Fat. Silence.
Oh this was going to be good. Her mother never gave up
without a fight.
You are a stupid, silly girl.
Here we go. Was Donovan hurt by her mothers words? Hard
to know since shed been hearing them her whole life.
No one is going to look after you the way I do. No one. Blood
is blood Donovan Marie, or have you forgotten that?
No Mama. How can I? You shove that down my throat every
chance you get. God, you would have everyone believe the only
reason I made it was because of you.
Thats because its true. Im the one who made you who you
are. Me! Hell, you would still be playing those third string
honkytonks if it wasnt for me.
I would have been perfectly happy playing those
honkytonks.
Bullshit, girl. That is bullshit.
Her mothers twang was coming out, and Donovan knew that
Jayleigh was about to lose it.
Look. I dont want to get into it with you. I just thought
maybe you would like to know that Im okay.
Dont you hang up on me,
 Jayleigh retorted. We need to
talk about a plan of action. We need to discuss how were going
to capitalize on your situation. With your new record coming out
next year
There wont be a new record, Mama.
Jayleigh James swore a blue streak that would put a boatload
of sailors to shame. In fact, Donovan winced and closed her eyes.
What in hell do you mean there wont be another record?
Now is the time to get something out there. Youre on top of the
world, baby girl. This here, this Jack Simon thing will push you
into the stratosphere. Doesnt even matter if the two of you
crash and burn, which, dont take this the wrong way, will
probably happen. But damn, we need to use this while we can.
Get the record out and a tour planned.
No.
What did you say?
Donovan stood up. She was cold and wrapped her arms
around her. I said no. Im not touring for at least a couple years.
I dont want to record another record right now.
But
No buts, Mama. I love music. I love making it. I love singing
it. I love those honkytonks and I love the festivals and arenas. I
love everything about it, but mama, Ive lost my way. I lost the
joy, and I need to get that back. I want you to understand. I need
you to understand. Im taking back my life and cleaning house.
Donovan waited a few seconds.
Mama?
Her mother cleared her throat. and Donovan could picture her
on the other end of the line, mouth pursed in anger.
Did he put you up to this?
No.
I dont believe you. Jack Simon never liked me.
Jack didnt like the way you treated me is all.
Well then,
 Jayleigh said, her voice rising so much that
Donovan frowned. Her mother sounded like a bona fide crazy
person. Hes not going to like this.
Uneasy, Donovan glanced at the desk and her phone.
What have you done?
That there television show Hollywood Circus contacted me.
Donovan closed her eyes, heart sinking. And?
Theyre willing to pay big bucks for an exclusive. They want
some dirt, and since I have some, it seems like a good fit for
me.
Youd sell me out for few thousand dollars? Should she be
surprised?
Harsh laughter filled the room. Its a hell of a lot more than
a few thousand, Donovan, but if you let me back in, then we just
keep all that nastiness to ourselves.
Donovan thought her mother couldnt hurt her anymore.
Wow. Shed been wrong about that.
Not gonna happen.
I think you need to take some time darlin.
God, she hated that patronizing tone.
No.
Think about it.
Donovan was done. Theres nothing to think about. Im not
going to let you blackmail me with empty threats.
How do you know theyre empty? Think about it baby girl
and then get back to me. Her mother sounded as if they were
talking about the weather. Im giving you until tomorrow
morning.
Donovan shook her head, eyes on the window and the lake
beyond. Boats dotted here and there, but she could tell that in
the last hour alone, theyd doubled. Who knew how many would
be out there by tomorrow? The media circus was already in full
swing.
There were at least twenty emails from her publicist, and she
knew that she needed to deal with it all, but Jesus, her own
mother was ready to sell her out? And Cooper. He was waiting in
the wings with information that would destroy what she had
with Jack.
Oh God,
 she gasped, doubling over. A low keening noise
erupted from somewhere deep inside her, but she couldnt
contain the pain any longer.
Donovan?
Eyes squeezed shut, she shook her head and managed a few
words. Please, I cantnot right now.
Okay. Breathe. You can do this.
A pair of white flats appeared in her line of vision.
Eden I cant.
Jacks mother sat beside her on the desk and for the longest
time, the two women stared at the ground. At Edens classic
Prada flats and Donovans chipped toe polish and damaged
ankle.
The silence stretched long and thin and just when Donovan
thought she was going to crack, Eden nudged her with her arm.
Would you like me to punch your mother in the throat?
Donovans glanced sideways, eyes shimmering with tears and
hysterical laugher bubbling up. You would do that for me?
Eden shrugged. My son loves you. He did a good job
convincing me to give you a second chance. Makes me think that
this time the two of you are ready for whatever is coming your
way.
A tear dropped onto Donovans thigh and she wiped at it, her
voice barely a whisper. Im not so sure. There are things
things in my past, and I dont know if Jack can handle it.
Did you kill anyone on purpose?
A sad smile touched the corner of Donovans mouth. No.
Whatever this is thats got you worriedwill it hurt Jack?
Yes,
 she barely managed an answer.
Did you do whatever it is on purpose with the express reason
of hurting my son?
No,
 she whispered. No I didnt. I dont even rememberI
cant But she couldnt go on because those damn stupid tears
spilled over and Eden wrapped her in her arms, making it worse.
She began to sob.
Eden comforted Donovan in a way her mother had never
understood. It was about touch and feel, and it was about silence.
Acceptance. After a few moments Eden gave her a gentle hug.
Its time for you to face all your demons, because if youre
going to survive this family and all that entails, you need to be
stronger. If youre going to truly be worthy of my son, who I
dont mind saying is one hell of a man, youll have to tell him
the truth about whatever it is you think could hurt him. You owe
him at least that.
She was right. Of course, she was right. Maverick had said the
same thing when shed finally let everything out earlier this
morning.
Donovan wiped her arm across her face and blew out a long
breath. I know I wasnt who you envisioned for your son.
No, you werent. Eden said softly. You were a whole lot
wild and more than a little bit crazy. And the fights, oh the
fights. The two of you were so passionate about everything, and I
dont recall a single family dinner you attended that didnt end
in some sort of a disagreement. I cant lie, it worried me. You
were both young and volatile and opinionated and headstrong.
Everyone thinks Jack is the well-behaved Simon. What a crock.
Coopers got nothing on him.
Eden shrugged, her eyes kind. The thing is, the past is the
past and should stay there but when it rears its ugly head, you
have to fight it head on. I feel that Jack is just what you need, and
I think that Jack would be lost without you. Hes been drifting for
five years, and its time for him to stay put. To put down some
roots and give me some grandchildren.
Donovans eyes slid away, and she felt her face burn. Was it
possible that Eden knew? Had Maverick somehow spilled the
beans?
Noah has arranged for security so you dont have to be
concerned about the paparazzi, at least for a little while. Those
bastards are a squirrely bunch, so Im sure theyll find a way to
get their photos. Were leaving for Bala. Dinner with some
friends. You and Jack have some things to work out. Tell
Maverick to get lost and get it done.
Eden moved toward the door, but paused before leaving the
room. Im on your side Donovan, and not just because Jack is,
but because I can see how much you love my son. I dont believe
that love is always enough, and I cant guarantee a happily ever
after, but I sure as hell can pray for it.
That was good to know.
Donovan was going to need a boatload of prayers.
J
28
ack closed the California shutters on the windows facing the
lake. He couldnt believe the press was out there in such huge
numbers already. Hell, with all the shit going on in the world,
youd think that there were more important things to report on
than Jack Simon and Donovan James. Christ hed even spotted
the CNN logo on one of the boats. Bastards.
Its going to get bat shit crazy, you know that right?
Jack turned as his cousin Maverick walked in from outside.
Mom and Dad head out? he asked.
Maverick nodded and glanced around. Wheres Donovan?
Good question. His lady had been real quiet, and he was
starting to get more than a little concerned. A lot had happened
over the last several days, and it was gonna take some time for
the both of them to wrap their heads around it all.
She headed up for a shower. He paused. Any particular
reason youre still hanging around?
Maverick grabbed a beer out of the fridge and leaned against
the kitchen counter. Are you asking me to leave?
Ricks attitude annoyed the hell out of Jack, and his temper
spiked. He knew the two of them were closereal closebut
still, he wanted Donovan to himself. Was that so wrong?
Donovan and I have some things to work out. Some privacy
would be appreciated.
Maverick took a long draw on his beer and fixed Jack with a
look that was dead serious. Something about his cousins
demeanor put Jack on edge. Told him that things werent going
to go as easy as hed like.
Im not going anywhere until I know shes good, if thats
okay with you.
Jacks eyes narrowed dangerously. This was turning into a
pissing contest. Its not okay.
Maverick took another swig of beer. Let me rephrase. Im
not going anywhere until I know shes good, whether you like it
or not.
Jack stared across the room at his cousin, hands clenched at
his sides, jaw so tight his teeth ached. What the hell are you
getting at? If you know something, spill or leave.
Maverick didnt answer. Not a good sign.
What the hell do you know, Rick?
Rick sighed and grabbed another beer from the fridge. Its
not my place. Just promise me youll listen and that youll take a
step back if needed. Can you do that? Keep your cool long enough
to see the truth?
Okay. This was starting to freak Jack the hell out. What was
this big thing that Donovan had to tell him?
A squeak on the stairs told him that they werent alone. Jack
glanced up and spied Donovan hovering on the top step. She had
that damn deer in the headlights look again, and his gut
churned a bit.
Jack had always been the kind of guy to listen to his gut. It
served him well in the political arena, and right now, his gut was
telling him that it was crunch time. Something was gonna hit
the fan, and damned if he knew what it was. Unless it was the
pregnancy test? Had she taken it? Is that what this was all about?
Ill be on the dock waving at the assholes out on the water.
Maverick tipped his ball cap at Donovan. Im here if you need
me.
Jack watched Donovan make her way down the stairs slowly,
favoring her bad foot, and he crossed over to her, arms sliding
across her shoulders to bring her in close. He held her for a long
time, content to just feel her warmth, inhale her scent and listen
to her breathe.
Hey,
 he said kissing the top of her head. You okay?
Donovans hands were fisted at his chest, and he could feel
the tension in her body. She was trembling. All kinds of alarm
bells were going off inside his head. Something was way off.
Donnie. He moved so that he could see her face. It was
pale. He knew her. She was scared.
We got this,
 he said.
She nodded but remained silent. Jack thought hed try
another tactic. You hungry?
No. Her voice was so soft he could barely hear her. She
pushed against him until he let her go, and Jack shoved his
hands into the front pockets of his cargoes. He was strung tight.
Too tight.
Who were you talking to earlier? he asked, watching her
closely.
She tucked a piece of hair behind her ears and turned toward
the windows, but the blinds were drawn, so there was nothing
for her to see.
My mother.
Huh. He didnt think the two of them were speaking.
How did that go?
She shrugged and remained silent. Jack had no idea what the
hell was going on, but he was about done with the not knowing.
Donnie, can we talk about whatever it is thats got you so
upset?
She exhaled and turned back to him and his heart turned over
at the fear in her eyes. This wasnt looking good.
The truth is hard, Jack, and Im trying to be brave, but Im
scared.
He frowned. What the hell was she talking about? He thought
back to before. Back to Belize and then afterward. Hed been
convinced she was hiding something. So what the hell was it?
Impatient, he took the few steps needed to bring him back
into her circle. Babe, Im right here. Im not going anywhere.
He tipped his head to the side, not liking the turn of events.
There are things that you dont know. Something that I did
and Whoosh. She blew out a long shaky breath. "I don't know
if you can handle the truth." Her bottom lip trembled and a tear
slid down her cheek. And the not knowing is killing me.
Whatever it is, it cant be that bad.
Could it? When the hell had things turned so dark? Jack
pushed his hands through his hair and swore.
Its bad,
 she whispered.
The air, it was full of dark and heavy things, but Jack had to
believe they'd find a way out of this mess.
He took a moment to get his shit together. To find a place of
calm. He had to get this right because this right here? This was
the end zone. This was four seconds on the clock and one yard to
go. There was no room for mistakes, and there was no turning
back.
"Donovan it's not about handling anything. It's about trust."
He looked into her eyes and hoped like hell she knew that he was
fighting for her. For them. For that damn end zone.
"Do you love me enough to trust me with the truth?" he
asked.
She stared up at him, those eyes shadowed and full of pain,
and he had to ask himself, why the hell wasnt she answering his
question? After everything theyd gone through the last few days
the things theyd done and saidhe thought that the love
question was pretty much a moot point.
She opened her mouth to speak but the door slammed open
behind them and they both turned. Sabrina was there, her face
white, her breathing erratic.
Jack, its Brett. He cant breathe. Hes having such a hard
time,
 she wailed. Somethings wrong, and I need to get him to
the hospital. Can you help me? He doesnt want the kids to see
him taken away in an ambulance.
Jack looked at Donovan. Go,
 she whispered. Ill be here
with the kids when you get back.
Thank you,
 Sabrina said, her voice shaky. Theyre out in
the boathouse with Maverick. I dont want them to see him so
so broken.
Jack grabbed his keys, but before he left, he strode over to
Donovan. He cupped her face in his hands so that she had no
choice to but look up at him. To see what was inside him.
When I get back, well fix whatever this is. Understand?
Whatever the hell it is doesnt matter.
She nodded. Okay.
He kissed her fiercely. A hard, commanding kiss that spoke of
love and pain and
I need you. Dont ever forget that,
 he whispered, before
pressing one more kiss to her forehead and heading out the door.
When he caught sight of his buddy, Jack tried his damnedest
to keep things light, but it was hard to do. In the space of
twenty-four hours, Brett had deteriorated and it was a helpless
kind of silence that fell between him and Sabrina as they helped
Brett to Jacks truck and sped off into the night.
He had to slow down because the press that lined the top road
was substantial. Security kept them off the private road leading
to his place, but still, it was enough of an inconvenience, and it
slowed them down.
Twenty minutes later, he was at the hospital with Brett and
Sabrina, and less than an hour later, his friend was being
examined, his pain somewhat managed. Jack strode up and down
the halls, his body tight from adrenaline running way too high.
He spied someone lurking near the nurses station and just
about lost it. Goddamn reporters. They were like vultures. He
started forward and was nearly to the asshole when a hand on
his arm stopped him in his tracks.
Sabrina.
Sit with me?
He glared at the man who was still leaning against the nurses
station as if he had every right to be there, but Jack recognized
him. He was a cocky son-of-a-bitch from New York, and the
asshole wasnt even trying to hide the camera strapped around
his neck.
Theres a private lounge to your right,
 he said. Ill meet
you there in a minute.
Sabrina squeezed his arm. Dont do anything stupid.
Jack didnt stop until he was up in the guys business. If you
dont take your slimy ass out of this hospital, Ill personally
throw you out.
The man grinned. That would make me a ton of cash.
It took everything Jack had to keep his cool. To keep from
laying hands on the bastard and getting rid of some of that pent
up anger he was carrying around.
Sir,
 the nurse behind the desk said. Are you here for a
patient? She gave the reporter a no-nonsense look and raised
her eyebrow.
Nope.
Jack wanted to use his fist to wipe away the arrogant smile on
his face.
Then Ill have to ask you to leave. Security is already on its
way.
The man pushed off from the desk. No worries,
 he said
with a smile aimed at the nurse. She wasnt having any of it.
Now,
 she said.
Sure,
 he replied, before glancing at Jack. I was just hoping
for a comment on the reported sex tape featuring the lovely
Donovan James. You two are hooking up again, no?
Jacks fist shot out and would have connected with flesh and
bone except a burly security guard grabbed him before he could
do any damage.
Sir,
 the security guard said in his ear. Weve got this.
But the reporter was already heading down the hallway and
Jack kept his eyes on him until he disappeared from sight. He
thanked the security guard and made his way back to Sabrina.
Sex tape? What the hell? His mind was all over the place, and
he took out his cell, fingers scrolling over a crap-ton of text
messages and missed calls. He noted that Derek had called him
five times in the last half hour. Whatever this was, couldnt be
good.
Are you all right? Sabrina asked quietly, handing him a
coffee. The lounge was emptythank godand he took a sip,
though he tasted nothing.
No,
 he said, glancing up at her. I dont think I am.
Sabrina sat down and patted the seat beside her. Sit.
Hows Brett? he asked, pushing away everything else. Now
was not the time to focus on his shitbut goddammit, sex tape?
She attempted a smile, but it never really reached her eyes.
The masses in his lungs are making it hard for him to breathe.
Its just progressed so fast and aggressively. Her voice broke,
and he squeezed her shoulder, trying to offer some sort of
comfort.
Its spread, and theyve put a call into his oncologist but the
doctor here thinks he might have a week left. Maybe less.
Sabrina, Im so sorry. There really wasnt anything else to
say.
Sabrina took a sip of coffee and stared at the floor. I know.
Doesnt mean we wont keep fighting. Brett doesnt know any
other way. He justhe wont give up until theres no fight left.
She paused and exhaled. You two are a lot alike, you know that
right?
Jack wanted to think so, but he couldnt imagine facing the
kind of battle his buddy was fighting.
Promise me youll never stop fighting for what you want,
Jack. Life is a gift, and too many people waste their gift. They
dont learn that love and forgiveness go hand in hand.
He had a feeling they werent talking about life in general
anymore. He thought of Donovan. But if he was being honest
with himself, hed have to admit that he was seriously concerned
that whatever the hell she was hiding from him, was going to be
so big he wouldnt be able to deal.
His cellphone vibrated. Do you mind? he asked Sabrina.
She shook her head and got to her feet. No, take it. Ive got a
phone call of my own to make. Bretts parents will want to be
here.
He glanced down and saw that it was a text from one of his
aides, Jonathan Grimes, an up and comer with a good head on his
shoulders. The message was short and to the point.
Derek is MIA. Office inundated. How do you want this
handled?
There was a link included, and after a few moments Jack
clicked it. Once he was done reading all that was there, he damn
well wished hed never done it.
I
29
t was nearly four in the morning when Donovan heard a vehicle
in the driveway. Jacks parents had returned much earlier,
subdued with the news of Bretts trip to the hospital. Theyd
bundled up the twins and taken them back to the Campbell
home so that Harry and Morgan could sleep in their own beds.
Neck sore from sleeping on the sofa, Donovan got to her feet
and padded across the floor so that she could peek out the back
window.
It was Jacks truck. He hugged Sabrina and then waited a bit
before heading up to the house. By the time he reached the back
door, Donovan had turned on a few lamps and was waiting for
him.
Her entire body was a jumble of nerves, and she knew her
time was up. There was nothing between her and the truth
anymore.
The door squeaked open, and Jack stilled when he caught
sight of her. For a moment their eyes held, and then his slid
away as he came inside and closed the door behind him.
Hows Brett? she asked softly.
Jack shrugged and didnt answer right away. He crossed over
to the fridge and grabbed himself a beer. He was about to open it
when he shoved it onto the counter and proceeded over to the
liquor cabinet. Scotch in hand, he took a swig directly from the
bottle, and then another before he bothered to look at her.
Not good.
Unsure, Donovans hands ran along the top of the counter.
Is he
Hes not coming home,
 Jack said harshly. Not coming
home,
 he said again, so low she barely heard him.
Im sorry,
 she said.
Yeah,
 Jack replied, taking another swig of scotch. So am
I.
He crossed the room and stood in front of the closed blinds,
staring at nothing. Pain radiated off of him, but Donovan was
frozen, her feet felt as if they were encased in concrete.
Did you catch the news tonight? he asked abruptly, though
he never turned to her.
No.
Okay. He was scaring her. Really scaring her. Thoughts
racing, she took a step. Or two.
But then he turned back, his eyes so dark they looked like
liquid coal. He looked tired. Haunted. This man that she loved.
Donovan made a noise and started forward, but he shook his
head, eyes shiny, mouth grim.
Dont.
One word was all it took for Donovan to know the jig was up.
He knew.
Oh god,
 she whispered. He knew.
Jack shoved his hand into the front pocket of his shorts and
pulled out his cell. She watched him scroll through it, her heart
beating out of her chest and when he tossed it to her, she nearly
dropped it.
He turned away from her again, and her gaze dropped to the
message hed opened.
Derek is MIA. Office inundated. How do you want this
handled?
Click on the link. His voice was rough and low and so full of
anger that it made Donovan wince.
Her fingers didnt seem to work, but she finally managed to
click on the link, one that led her to a report from the Hollywood
Tattler website. There was a photo of Donovan and Jack from
years ago and a smaller picture of Derek just underneath. Bile
rose as she read the headline and blurb.
Donovan Does Derek. Reported sex tape being offered up,
showcasing the singing sensation doing the nasty with Derek
McKenzie, campaign manager to her on-again, off-again boy
toy, Jack Simon. Makes us wonder, here in Tattler land, are Jack
and Donovan officially off after their relationship heated up
again?
Donovan read it over and over and over. It was as if her mind
was stuck, and she just couldnt move forward.
Is it true? he asked, still not looking back at her.
What to say to that?
I woke up naked with him inside me, but I dont remember
anything before that? He took pictures and video and used it to
make me leave you? He blackmailed me with them? Made me
promise to never see you again or hed destroy your career?
How did she explain all that? How did she tell the man she
loved that yes, I had sex with your best friend. Once she said
those words the rest wouldnt matter.
You dont have to say anything.
Donovans head whipped up, and she found him looking at
her. No longer were his eyes dark and shiny. They were hard and
angry.
Did you take the test? he asked.
What?
Are you pregnant? he asked again.
Donovan winced at the tone. At the utter lack of emotion in
his voice. Yes,
 she answered, holding his gaze. I took the
test.
Jacks hand fisted at his side, and he took another good swig
of scotch. And?
It said I was pregnant.
Silence greeted her news, and Donovan slid onto the large
overstuffed chair to her right. Her legs had nothing left in them,
and she was just about done. Everything from the past few weeks
hell the last several monthshit her in the gut, and she
thought that she was going to pass out.
Take another one when you get back to LA, and well talk
then.
Thats it? she said dully.
Its all I got.
The pain in her chest was so tight that she clawed at her Tshirt
in order to alleviate some of the distress. Gasping for air,
she started to get up from the chair, but she had no energy. She
didnt even recognize her own voice when she finally managed to
speak.
You said that you loved me enough to handle the truth. You
said that Jack. You said that.
Oh God. She was going to lose it. She sounded pathetic.
Jack regarded her in silence. And just when it had spread way
too thin and way too long he spoke.
I was wrong.
His threw the bottle of scotch across the room, and she
jumped when it shattered against the windows and blinds. His
breathing was erratic, and she knew that he was barely holding
his anger in check. Coco appeared from nowhere and began to
bark, but with one look, Jack silenced the little dog. He shook his
head, eyes grim and dead.
Fucking the guy I considered my best friend is something I
apparently cant get past.
He strode past her and scooped up the beer hed abandoned
earlier. Hand on the door he paused. Get Maverick to take you
home. Ill be in touch. If youre pregnant, Ill deal with it. Im
not the guy who will abandon his kid.
Donovan fell back into the soft cushions. She was done. There
were no more tears left inside her.
What the hell? Maverick took the stairs two at a time, eyes
sweeping the entire room.
He knows,
 she said dully.
Maverick paused near her, his hand on the chair as he looked
down at her. You told him?
She shook her head. No.
Then how?
I dont know. There are reports online. Its out there. For all
I know there are. Her voice broke. There are pictures and
video of me spread all over the internet. How am I going to deal
with that? Im so ashamed, Rick. Cooper was right. Im no good
for him.
What the hell does Cooper have to do with this? Maverick
looked fierce, with his long hair all askew and his intense dark
eyes.
He has the thumb drive.. I dont know how, but hehe must
have released it to the press just like he told me he would.
Im going to kill him. What a mess,
 Maverick growled. He
paused. Look. Dont worry about anything right now. Ive got
you looked after. Im going to get you home, and then well
figure this out.
Can we leave now?
The thought of facing Jacks parents made her nauseous, and
all she wanted to do was climb into her bed and disappear.
Yeah,
 Maverick replied, hand on her shoulder. We can
leave now.
THREE DAYS LATER, Donovan was ensconced inside her home in Los
Angeles with a crap-ton of paparazzi camped outside, when
Maverick called to let her know that Brett had passed away.
Hows Sabrina? she asked, heartbroken for the woman.
I dont know her real well, but from what I could see, shes
one tough lady.
Are you going up for the funeral?
No. They wanted a small private ceremony, though Jack and
his parents are still up there. Silence filled her ear. I talked to
Cooper, finally. He says hes not the one responsible for the
leak.
For the past three days, the news outlets had sensationalized
every aspect of Donovan and Jacks story. Derek and the
supposed sex tape were mentioned in each and every one. But so
far no actual photos, or videos for that matter, had surfaced. As
for Donovan, she wasnt talking to anyone, not even her
publicist.
Does it really matter? she said eventually.
Hell yes. Dont you want to know who threw you under the
bus like that? I sure as hell do.
Ive got other things to focus on, Rick. Like the second
positive pregnancy test.
You havent heard from Jack, I take it?
No.
Silence. Shit, I gotta go, Donnie. Ill be out of town for a few
days. A business meeting with some foreign distributors for this
indie film. Beau will be there, and we want to get this nailed
down now.
Im okay. Dont worry about me, really.
Ill come see you when I get back.
Donovan hung up the phone, eyes on the second pregnancy
test shed taken the day before. The one that told her without a
doubt she was pregnant.
She sat in her oversized comfy chair for hours, only getting up
to grab some food and then slide right back into her spot. She sat
there until the shadows grew long and her bedroom was so dark
it was hard for her to see. Until all the chaotic thoughts in her
head went away, and she was finally left with a clarity that she
needed.
She was going to have a baby. A baby shed made with the
man that she loved. She might not have much, but she did have
that. It was time for her to stop feeling sorry for herself and start
acting like an adult.
She picked up the phone from beside her bed and made an
appointment to see her personal doctor. After a few moments,
she dialed another number. It was time to face a few ghosts from
the past and do what shed always done. Just get the hell on with
it.
Mama? We need to talk.
J
30
ack flew into Florida two days after his buddy Bretts funeral.
He picked up his Mercedes from valet parking and didnt
bother driving to the beach or his house. Grace had taken Coco
home with her, so at least the little ball of fur didnt need
looking after.
That was good. He had someone to see first.
He drove in silence. The anger that boiled beneath his skin
told him he was alive, even if he felt as if hed been through the
ringer. He was sick of the press. Sick of the media circus that had
landed in his lap. And he sure as hell was sick of Derek McKenzie
calling his cell.
He was about to put that puppy to rest.
He drove through the familiar streets of Cypress Hill, giving a
mental finger to a bunch of paparazzi near the entrance to the
gated community. It boasted one of the nicest golf courses
around, and when he parked in the driveway of 101 Cypress Lane,
Jack hopped out of the car, tossed his ball cap onto the passenger
seat and ran up the steps without pause.
His body was full of adrenaline and he clenched his fists as a
fresh wave of anger rolled over him. He banged on the door.
Once. Twice. And was just about to beat the hell out of the heavy
oak panels when it swung open.
Derek McKenzie looked like shit and smelled worse.
Hitting it pretty hard arent you? Jack said roughly, pushing
past Derek.
Well hello to you,
 Derek said, bloodshot eyes following Jack
as he strode through the foyer.
Wheres Janice? Jack asked.
Shes been gone for days. Derek slurred his words and took
another swig of whatever the hell was in his glass.
Good. Jack was guessing his wife wasnt coming back.
Jack took a moment because right now he was overloading on
emotion. This guy right herethis guy used to be like family to
him. Those kinds of ties didnt just disappear. Even when
adulthood brought new perspective.
Jack, Ibuddy
Shut the hell up, Derek. I dont want to hear it. Dont
apologize to me, because Im not here for that. I just want to
know the truth. Did you screw Donovan?
Derek thrust his chin forward and attempted a smile, but he
was so wasted it came off more like a sneer. She wanted it.
Red hot fury momentarily blinded Jack, but he got his shit
together. He needed to do this.
When? he barked.
That last night. The four of us were together, and then you
and Donovan had a fight. Janice left because she had a headache,
and I stayed and listened to Donovan whine and cry. He
shrugged and staggered to the left, dropping his glass. What
can I say? She was a horny bitch, so I gave it to her.
Jack took a step forward, and Derek laughed. Thats right. I
stuck it to that bitch more than once.
Jacks fist swung out, and he took Derek down with one heavy
punch.
Jesus fucking Christ,
 Derek shouted, scrambling to his feet
and yelping when he cut the palm of his hand in the shattered
glass on the tile. What the hell did you do that for?
Jack raised his fist, ready to smash the bastards face again.
I did you a goddamn favor. Dont you see? She was nothing
but trash from Arkansas. What the hell do people like us want
with someone like that?
Unease slid through Jack. Dereks choice of words didnt sit
right.
What do you mean, you did me a favor?
Derek rubbed his bloody hand over his forehead and leaned
against the wall, chest heaving from his effort to stay on his feet.
Monique. Now shes the type of woman to get you all the
way to the White House. Not some white trash, honkytonk from
Arkansas.
Jack got right up in Dereks face again. Im only going to ask
you one more time. What did you do?
Besides fuck her? I took some pictures and some videos, and
I told her that if she ever showed her face in Florida again, Id
use them.
Something twisted inside Jack, and he let loose with several
more quick hits that put Derek McKenzie back down on the floor.
When he was done, his knuckles were as bloody as Dereks face.
You did all of this? he roared, stepping away because if he
didnt, he just might kill the bastard.
No,
 Derek gasped. I didnt. Cooper has them. I. Hehe
took them a couple years ago. He coughed and made it to his
knees. I would never jeopardize your bid for senator. Never. I
swear,
 Derek said roughly. It wasnt me. Cooper must have
leaked the information.
Why the hell would Cooper do that? It makes no sense.
I dont know,
 Derek said, backing away when Jack took a
step forward. Youd have to ask him that yourself. Ive been
trying to get hold of the bastard ever since the story broke. I was
looking out for you, Jack. I always look out for you. Its my job.
Heavy breaths falling from him, Jack swore and turned away.
He was more confused than ever.
Jack,
 Derek said hoarsely. We can work this out, right?
Who else knows about this? he spat.
No one. Derek was crying. No one but Cooper. I swear. I
havent told anyone. Ishit.
Who? Jack asked tersely.
Jayleigh. Jayleigh knows. I mean, hell she hasnt seen
anything but she knows.
Jack left without another word. He slid into his Mercedes and
sat there, hands on the steering wheel for so long that his
fingers cramped. Minutes passed and finally he put the car into
gear and drove off, putting a call through as he did so.
Hey. Mavericks voice filled the interior of the car.
Wheres Cooper at?
Silence.
Rick, dont play games with me. Where the hell is Cooper
at? The son-of-a-bitch was known for disappearing for weeks
at a time, and Jack hadnt heard from him since the fundraiser.
Jack
He has the pictures and video Maverick. I need to see him.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I just came from Derek. He told me Cooper took the
thumb drive. I want it in my hands, so that I can end this right
now.
Maverick swore a blue streak. He told me that he had
nothing to do with it.
Where is he?
Hes at his place in Maine.
Maine?
Jacks tires squealed as he moved over two lanes and made it
back onto the interstate. Looks like he was heading to the
airport.
Hes got a place out there. An old estate he bought over ten
years ago. Ill text you the address.
Thanks,
 Jack said tersely.
Have you talked to Donovan?
No.
Do you plan on it?
I dont know.
Well, looks like youve got some stuff to figure out.
No shit, Jack thought.
And while youre at it, try not to forget that Cooper has his
black belt. Id hate to see that pretty face of yours ruined.
Jack sped into the night, his anger barely in check and his
thoughts all over the place. He had no idea if he was going to
accomplish anything, but it didnt matter. He had to do
something, because even the thought of doing something was
better than sitting in his beach house thinking about Donovan.
Because Donovan was complicated and messy and mysterious
and aggravating. And as hard as that was, he loved her. He loved
her. But then hadnt he always?
The problem was that he didnt know what to do about it. The
pain of her betrayal was still too raw and though he knew hed
find his way back to her, he didnt know how much time he
needed to get his head straight.
He loved her. That was a given. This situation was going to
take some time. Another given.
He just hoped she was willing to give him the time he needed.
JACK LANDED in Maine at close to midnight. He was dead tired and
suffering from a severe lack of focus. He punched the address
Maverick had given him into the GPS of his rental, and as he
pulled out of the airport, he had to ask himself, was he going
crazy?
Lets hope not,
 he muttered.
Jonathan Grimes, his new campaign manager, had called him
several times on the flight, and he knew that his political
campaign was intact. His publicist had also made a statement,
basically saying no comment
, and for now the storm was at
bay.
He needed to make sure it never reached land.
He drove for nearly an hour, out along the coast, and when he
finally found the address he was looking for, Jack pulled into the
long driveway, blinking away his fatigue. When was the last time
hed slept?
The driveway was nothing more than gravel littered with
potholes. After the fourth time his front tire banged hard, he
switched on his high beams. They lit up tall grass along each side
that blew shadows across his windshield. Big drops of rain
started to fall, and Jack peered into the distance, spotting a light
among the gloom.
He passed a barn on the rightone that had seen better days
and a large house rose out of the darkness, illuminated by his
car and nothing else.
Jack parked alongside a shiny silver Land Rover and cut the
engine. This wasnt at all what hed expected to find. Cooper
wasnt exactly the rundown farm type.
He scrubbed at his eyes and slid out of his rental, long strides
taking him up steps that were on the rickety side and a porch
that was leaning a little too much to the right. The doorknob
turned, and he didnt bother knocking. He walked inside and
closed it behind him.
The place was in darkness, but the moon allowed him to see
enough to move around without bumping into anything. Hed
seen a light from the road, and because the driveway had twisted
and turned, he was thinking the light had come from the back of
the house.
Jack spotted a hallway to his left and made his way toward it,
ears picking up when he heard music on low and a mans voice.
Cooper. The hallway opened up into a large room, one that was
dimly lit, and Jack spied Cooper sitting at a table and working at
a computer. His back was to Jack, but his cousin was shirtless,
humming along to some old rock from the 70s.
Cooper.
Cooper stopped typing and glanced over his shoulder. His
blond hair was mussed, he hadnt shaved in days. Jack had never
seen this GQ Simon looking so rough.
You look like you need a drink,
 Cooper said, getting out of
his chair. He was shirtless, and his jeans had more holes in them
than his damn driveway.
I know about the pictures and the tapes of Donovan and
Derek. Jacks voice was rough, like sandpaper.
Cooper glanced up at him before opening the fridge and
tossing him a cold beer. Jack watched Cooper pull back his tab
and take a good long drink, but he didnt open his. He was too
angry to drink.
She told you?
No.
Cooper was surprised. Jack could see that.
Did you leak the story? he asked through gritted teeth.
Cooper set his beer down onto the counter. Jack Ive been
here since the fundraiser and no I didnt leak the story. Ive got
hydro and water and thats about it. Ive got my cell and the only
reason I called Maverick back was because he threatened to out
me if I didnt. Im not ready for the world to know Im Lee
Holloway.
Who?
Never mind. It wasnt me. Hell, I dont even have internet.
Nothing. He shrugged. It wasnt me.
Jack saw the truth in his cousins eyes, and he pulled out a
chair, setting his beer on the table. He had a good idea who it
was.
The story was leaked to the press when I was up at the
cottage. .A story about Donovan and Derek, and it alluded to
video and pictures of the two of them together. I just came from
Derek, and he told me it was true. Jack grimaced. Said hed
had sex with Donovan, but that you had the evidence. He glared
across the room at his cousin. The thought of anyone seeing
Donovan like that made him sick. Do you have it?
Cooper ran his hands through his messy blond hair and
sighed. I do.
Jack was off his chair in an instant, long legs carrying him
across the room until he stood toe to toe with Cooper.
Calm down,
 Coop said, hands in the air, palms up. Just
listen before you go off half-cocked and throwing punches.
Jack let him back up and watched him closely. How the hell
did you end up with something like that?
A few years ago, Derek hosted a Christmas party as his place,
remember? A lot of your staff was there. Tucker. Beau. You left,
and I stayed for some more tequila. Derek got loaded and started
going on about Donovan. Told me he was the reason for your
breakup. Said he had evidence.
Jack swore and ran his hand along his jaw.
Look. Ive never liked the guy. Hes always had an unhealthy
infatuation with you, and I never trusted him. I didnt know if he
was bullshitting or telling me the truth, so I asked to see his so
called evidence. The guy was cocky as hell and took me to his
office. He poured me anther tequila and then popped in the
thumb drive. I didnt see much, a few images, no video, but it
was enough to know that what was on there would do damage. I
took it and told him that if he ever mentioned it to anyone, Id
make him wish his life was over. Id take everything. His wife,
his nice cushy life and, most of all, Id make sure he never had
anything to do with you again.
Jack bent over, hands on his knees. This wasnt what hed
wanted to hear. Maybe some part of him was hoping it was all a
big misunderstanding, but this? This was real.
Shes pregnant with my kid.
Cooper was shocked. At least thats how Jack was going to
take the blue streak that fell out of his cousins mouth.
I gotta be up front with you, Jack. I warned her to stay away
from you. At Jacks blank stare, Cooper sighed. Look. Youre
family, and I thought she was bad news. At the fundraiser, I told
her to stay away. That if I caught wind of her hooking up with
you, Id release the tapes. It was bullshit, but she didnt know it.
Hell, Id never wish that kind of political storm on you. But for
her to risk that. He shrugged. Maybe I was wrong about her.
Maybe you mean a lot more to her than I was giving her credit
for. Whats she saying about all this shit?
I dont know. God, Jack felt like shit. The whole things a
mess.
What are you going to do? Cooper asked. About
Donovan?
Do you have it? Jack asked, ignoring his cousins question.
I dont think you want to see that, Jack.
Have you watched it? he asked, taking a step toward
Cooper.
No. The two images I saw were enough.
Do you have it? Jack asked again, jaw clenched tight and
mouth grim.
Cooper disappeared for a few minutes and when he appeared
again, he had the thumb drive in his hands. He handed it over. I
have a safe under the floorboards in my bedroom. Nobody knows
that I own this property, so I thought it was as good a place as
any to keep it. Cooper nodded toward his desktop. Use my
computer Im going to bed.
Jack waited until his cousin was gone and even though he felt
sick to his stomach, he inserted the thumb drive. When he was
finished watching the material, he got up and would have put his
fist through the wallif it was drywall. As it was, the walls were
made of plaster, and he was pretty damn sure he broke several
bones in his hand before he made it to the kitchen sink and
vomited.
D
31
onovan wrinkled her nose and shook her head as she re-read
the instructions in the cookbook. What the hell was sifting flour?
With a sigh, she got up from the table and glanced outside.
Roger would be back from the mainland soon, and shed
promised a meal. Her. Useless as hell, Donovan James was going
to cook a meal for Roger and Mary.
She smoothed her hair back and tucked the wild waves behind
her ears. It was humid, but she loved the warmth. Shed been
cold since she arrived. Since Gravenhurst.
Donovan wasnt sure shed ever be warm again. She closed
her eyes as a wave of nausea set in and waited for it to pass. This
was something new. Shed been back on the island for nearly
two weeks and had only experienced nausea the last few days. It
was real. The pregnancy was real.
She rested her hands over her bare stomach and smiled.
Welcome to your life, whoever you are. Its going to be stupid,
crazy ride.
Okay. Focus.
There was the sifting of the flour. Donovan wandered back
into the kitchen and, after chewing on her bottom lip for a few
moments, decided that maybe they didnt need this fancy apple
dessert after all. Maybe cut up fruit would do.
Her eyes brightened. Just like the fancy fruit trays in all those
hotel rooms she stayed in when on tour.
She set to work and cut out the watermelon Roger had
brought for her the week before. One of four, it was the only one
left. She giggled and patted her stomach once more.
Guess you like watermelon huh?
Once that was done, she carved out the pineapple and tried
her damnedest to make it look like something. It was leaning a
bit when she placed it in the middle of the watermelon, and she
decided that it looked like a bird. A phoenix to be precise. How
metaphoric. Out of the ashes and all of that.
She cleaned grapes, strawberries, blueberries and raspberries
and filled in the space around her phoenix. After that she cut up
the watermelon and placed it as artfully as she could and when
she was done, took a step back.
It looked pretty damn good.
She flew across the kitchen and opened up the large fridge
and then placed her creation inside. Next, she checked on her
marinating steaks (so the marinade was out of a bottleshe
wasnt telling anyone that) and took out the vegetables for her
salad.
She had three kinds of onions, a red pepper and mushrooms.
Somehow the colors had seemed right when she was in the
grocery, but now she was rethinking the whole salad thing too.
Deciding shed ponder it in the shower, Donovan headed to
her bedroom, eyes firmly fixed on her door and not the one at
the end of the hall. Even so, she couldnt help the way her heart
contracted or the pain that spliced across her chest when she
thought about Jack. It would always be there, she supposed.
And I cant hide out here forever.
But for now? It was the perfect sanctuary, and Grace had come
through big time, getting her back to the island without anyone
knowing. It took her less than an hour to shower, wash her hair
and put on some makeup. She was sick of walking around
looking like death warmed over.
Once satisfied with her appearance, Donovan rifled through
her closet, fingers closing around a simple coral dress. Strapless,
it hugged her breasts and fell into a straight line, touching the
tops of her toes. She slipped into a pair of white Fendi flats and
headed out to the main room.
It was almost dinner time.
She heard voices and knew that Roger and Mary must be on
their way over. Quickly fluffing the pillows on the sofa, she set
her guitar back in its stand and grabbed the book that was laying
on the edge of the coffee table.
Aldus Huxley. The Doors of Perception.
Yeah, thats so not going to happen,
 she said with a laugh
and tossed it into the bin. Her fingers trailed over the People
Magazines that were there, and for a moment, her joy dimmed.
The crap that was her life rose up, and she knew that if she let it,
it would consume her.
So she carefully folded the magazines back and turned, a
smile on her face because she heard the door swing open.
Except it wasnt Roger. And it certainly wasnt Mary.
It was six feet two inches of someone wholly male. Six feet
two inches that belonged to the only man to own her body and
soul.
Jack.
She didnt realize that shed said his name out loud until she
heard it echo in the room.
You look like shit.
She said the first thing that came to mind and her breath
caught when a ghost of a smile played around the corner of his
mouth.
I feel worse.
How did you She began, but then a big wad of emotion
closed her throat off, and there were no more words.
But he didnt need them. He was striding forward, his long
legs eating up the distance in less time than it took to sneeze. He
scooped her into his arms and that was it. She was done.
She began to shake so hard that she felt the vibrations run up
his arms as he held her.
Im so sorry, Donovan. So damn sorry. He buried his head
in her hair, and she realized that she wasnt the only one
shaking. Can you forgive me? Please tell me Im not too late. Id
have been here sooner, but it took a week to track you down, and
even then Grace was stubborn as hell.
Shed longed to hear those words and yet, confused, Donovan
moved so that she could see his face. Jack, I dont understand. I
should be the one asking for forgiveness. That nightI dontI
cant explain exactly what happened but you have to know I
never meant for any of it. Ive never loved anyone but you.
I saw it, Donnie. His eyes looked haunted, and she
squirmed until she could get some room between them. Shame
burned her skin, and she looked away, but his hands were there
on her chin. Gentle. Caressing.
You did nothing but trust someone. He Jacks voice was
ragged, his eyes moist. He took advantage. Pumped you full of
booze and preyed on your pain. He used you. He raped you, and
hes going to pay.
Rape? Donovans stomach rolled, and she thought she was
going to be sick. Rape made it so much worse. Shed never been
able to remember the details of that night but shed thought it
was her mind trying to block it out.
But he showed me two pictures. She squeezed her eyes shut
and tried to banish them from her mind, but they were there and
she whimpered.
I watched some of the video.
She whimpered and he hugged her fiercely. You said no,
Donovan. You said no, and Ill never forgive myself for leaving
you with that monster.
All this time,
 she managed to say. All this time wasted
because I thought Id betrayed you. Betrayed our love by sleeping
with him. Why would he do that?
Jack gently kissed the corner of her mouth. Her nose. And her
chin. He showered kisses over every single inch of skin that he
could find.
Hes a sick son-of-a-bitch, and if he ever comes near you
again
Jack exhaled. Im never leaving you again,
 he finally said,
resting his forehead on hers. Never.
Donovan fisted his T-shirt and slammed her body so close to
his that she could feel every breath he took. She heard his heart
beating and inhaled his scent. There was still stuff to work
through, but for the first time in forever, it seemed, she was
standing still, and her mind was at ease.
Eventually, she glanced up at him and then nodded toward
the kitchen. I made dinner.
Jacks brows furrowed, and there was that ghost of a smile
that told Donovan everything was going to be all right. Really.
She nodded. For real. For Roger and Mary.
Well, Roger and Mary arent joining us for dinner.
Oh.
His hand slipped between them, and her breath caught when
he fell to his knees and rested his head against her abdomen.
Gently he kissed her through the thin material of her dress.
So, its just going to be the three of us,
 he murmured.
She sank her hands into his hair. Yes.
Sounds pretty amazing to me.
Me too.
Jack rose slowly. I love you, Donnie. He swept his mouth
across hers, and she smiled.
If you really love me, youll chop up the vegetables for the
salad.
I can do that. He dropped another kiss on her mouth.
Maybe do something with the potatoes I bought, because I
was going to boil them but wasnt sure what to do with them
once they were boiled.
Im pretty good with potatoes. He nibbled around her ear
and Donovan squirmed in his arms, her body reacting the way it
always did where he was concerned. Fast and hot.
Good,
 she said, nipping at the corner of his mouth. I did
get dessert done, so there is that.
Jack planted a full-on assault, his mouth parting hers, his
tongue going deep. He kissed her thoroughly, and when they
both came up for air, he whispered near her ear. I plan on
eating you for dessert, so we can just skip whatever you whipped
up.
Donovans heart swelled. They were good. The three of them
were going to be good.
Okay,
 she said roughly. I dont mind being on the menu.
Good,
 Jack said, dark eyes smoldering. Cause Im hungry
as hell, and if you dont mind, could we maybe do dessert first?
Donovans heart skipped a beat. No,
 she said breathlessly.
No I dont mind at all.
Jack dove in right away and started in on his dessert.
W
32
hen Jack heard a light rap on his bedroom door, he groaned
and snuggled back under the covers. Donovan was curled into
him and no way in hell was he giving that up.
Whoever it was could wait.
Jack!
Go away,
 he muttered.
Jack! And then another knock.
Growling, he glanced at the door and was just about to say a
few choice words to deter whoever was out there when it opened
and his sister Grace waltzed in, holding her hand over her eyes
and inching forward as if she was afraid to fall.
Shit. Hed forgotten.
You guys need to get up. Everyones here. Weve been
waiting for like an hour but
She peeked through her fingers, and when she realized that
there were no naked man parts on display, Grace shook her head
and made a face. Jack noted she was still shaving the one side,
and now the other was dyed several colors, like a rainbow had
exploded on her head.
Does she know? Grace whispered.
Know what? Donovans head poked out from beneath the
blanket and her eyes widened when she spied his sister. Grace?
What are you doing here?
The door pushed open behind his sister, and Jack sat back,
arms behind his head, Donovan tucked into his side as Maverick
and his parents pushed their way through. Coco slipped through
everyone and ran barking toward the bed, though he was too
little to get up on his own.
Jack? Donovan looked up at him, eyes full of questions.
Hey, whats the holdup? Tucker shoved his way past
everyone and grinned. So we having us a wedding or what?
Everyones waiting.
What the hell is going on Jack Simon? Donovan clutched
the blanket around her as she sat straight up, and God help him,
but she looked sweeter than an angel. Her hair was a tangle
around her shoulders, her mouth bruised from a night of loving,
and (he grinned) there was a great big
Oh my god,
 Grace said with disgust, sitting on the edge of
their bed and helping Coco up. Is that a hickey on your neck?
Donovan yanked the blanket up higher and squeaked. Jack?
He reached over and kissed her on the mouth. We need to
get up, babe. Big day ahead.
Her eyes were huge, and he caressed her cheek. I want to
marry you. Right here. Right now. Im kind of hoping you say
yes, or my family has come all this way for
Her mouth was against his, her arms around his neck. Yes,

she said through tears. Yes. Yes. Yes.
You gave in to easily, Donovan,
 Maverick said with a wink.
Id have made him beg a little more.
Screw you, Rick,
 Jack growled against her mouth.
Boys,
 Eden said in a no-nonsense tone. You all need to
clear out, so we can get Donovan ready. She nailed Jack with a
look. That means you. She crossed over to the bathroom and
tossed him a towel. Get dressed. Grace and I have some work to
do.
An hour and a half later, Jack stood on the beach waiting for
Donovan to come to him. The place had been transformed, with
chairs and flowers. Pink was Donnies favorite color, and even
Coco didnt seem to care that his bow reflected that.
Sabrina and the kids had flown out, and it meant a lot that
she was here, sharing this day with his family. When hed called
her and told her about his plan, shed told him that healing
started with living, and that she fully intended to live as much as
she could.
Brett would have wanted that.
He smiled at Sabrina. He tugged on his collar. The men were
all dressed casually. Stone colored linen pants and white cotton
shirts. The women all wore some sort of pink.
All of his family was here. His parents. Beau and his fianc,
Betty. Tucker and his girl, Abby. His sister Grace. Cousin Cooper.
Hell, even his brother Teague had managed to catch a flight from
wherever the hell hed been holed up in South America.
Everyone he loved was here. Everyone who mattered. Even
Miss Ella has surprised him by accepting his invite though shed
told him in no uncertain terms that she needed her own room.
No way was she holing up with any of those damn Simon boys.
Murmurs rose, and he glanced up, his heart full and tight. But
it was a good full. A good tight.
Maverick walked Donovan toward him, their steps slow and
sure. Her hair was loose, a flower pinned to one ear. Her eyes
were shiny, her lips full, and she was the most breathtaking
woman hed ever laid eyes on.
She was dressed in a simple pale pink gown, a strapless piece
of fabric that clung to her curves and fell to just above her knees.
Her feet were bare.
She took his breath away.
And as she came to a halt just in front of him, Jack couldnt
help himself. He leaned over and kissed her, a slow sensual kiss
that had him breathing hard and her cheeks flushed when he
finally pulled away.
Thats supposed to happen after its official,
 Maverick said
with a wink.
Jack, grinned, a thumb on her bottom lip. Well then
Donovan James. Are we ready to make this official?
She nodded and turned toward the Pastor, a local man whod
been more than happy to make the trip out to the island.
Lets do this,
 she said, slipping her hand into his.
As the sun rose over the water, there with everyone they
loved, Jack and Donovan did exactly that. They spoke their vows
of love and forgiveness and much later when they were alone in
bed, Jack showed his woman exactly how deep his love for her
was.
What they had was beyond the physical, but as Jack liked to
think, the physical was pretty damn good.
He grinned to himself, listening to her sleep beside him.
Yep. Pretty damn good.
VOLUME THREE
PART I
MAVERICK
Copyright  2015 Juliana Stone
All rights reserved.
ISBN-13: 9780993680847
Cover art and design by Patricia Schmitt/Pickyme
http://pickymeartist.com
Copy editing by Jena OConnor
http://practicalproofing.com
E-book Formatting: Jessica Lewis, Authors Life Saver
http://authorslifesaver.com
This book is a work of fiction. References to real people, events, establishments,
organizations, or locations are intended only to provide a sense of authenticity, and
are used fictitiously. All other characters, and all incidents and dialogue, are drawn
from the authors imagination and are not to be construed as real
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any printed or
electronic form without permission. Please do not participate in encouraging piracy of
copyrighted materials in violation with the authors rights. Purchase only authorized
editions.
For permission to use any part of the material in this book, contact Juliana at,
mailto:juliana@julianastone.com
Created with Vellum
T
1
he small town of Fishermans Landing wasnt exactly what
Maverick Simon envisioned when hed decided to crash at his
brothers place, but that was a good thing. Off the beaten track
and halfway between nowhere and the rest of the U-S-of-A, it
was perfect for a guy looking to disappear for a few weeks.
Or, as he inhaled the unique scent of the best damn clam
chowder hed ever had, maybe a few months.
Tucked into the corner booth of A Charmed Life, a small
family run diner in the heart of Fishermans Landing, Maverick
was able to eat in peace and so far no one had paid him much
attention. He was cool with that. Being a Simon wasnt always
easy, and at one time or another, any one of them had been ripe
pickings for the gossip rags.
As of late that particular Simon had been Maverick. Thanks to
a nasty breakup with Elle MasonHollywoods flavor of the
monthand the damn womans need to tweet everything about
their relationship (or according to her, their lack thereof) the
press had been particularly aggressive. If he never saw his face
online or in a magazine again, hed die a happy man.
As if the endless photos of him and Elle hadnt been bad
enough (did anyone really care that he liked an everything bagel
with cream cheese? Or that he visited Starbucks only on the
weekends?). Waking up to find pictures of his naked butt
splashed all over the Internet had just about done him in.
Sure the exposure (pun intended) had been rampant and that
pissed him off, but what pissed him off even more, were the
endless jabs from his buddies and family. The Simons could be a
ruthless bunch and in this instance, theyd been like rabid dogs.
Hell, hed even come home from the recording studio one day to
find the damn pictures plastered all over his house.
Maverick knew what his ass looked likehed lived with it for
thirty-one yearshe didnt need a reminder on the fridge or the
toilet or his damn bed.
Hed had enough and his brother Cooper had offered him safe
haven. And even though safe haven was out in the middle of
nowhere, hed accepted without a second thought.
Hed arrived in town exactly four days earlier, along with a
February Noreaster that had buffeted the coast for nearly fortyeight
hours. The roads had finally been cleared of snow, and,
more than a little sick of his own company, hed ventured out.
Would you like another bowl of chowder?
The waitressJessie, according to her nametaggazed down
at him with a smile. Her voice had warmth and an accent he
couldnt quite place. With snow-white hair pulled back into a
ponytail, delicate features, and a sparkle in her eyes, she was a
pretty lady. Maverick was going to take a guess that the woman
had been one hell of a looker back in the day.
He leaned back and shook his head. Im good, but Ill take a
coffee if thats all right.
Sure thing,
 she said with a wink, taking a step back. She
paused, a soft frown on her face. Youre new to town, right?
He nodded.
You staying for a while, or just passing through?
Not sure, though the clam chowder might convince me to
hang around longer than Id first thought.
Ive heard that more than once,
 she replied with a chuckle.
Whereabouts are you laying your head?
Some folks might be put off by the waitresss direct
questions, but Maverick just smiled and shrugged. He knew
small towns were tightknit and from what he could tell, A
Charmed Life was the only happening place in Fishermans
Landing. Well, except for the lone bar at the end of the main
drag, but that was only open Thursdays to Sundays.
My brothers got a place outside of town.
On the water?
He nodded. Yeah. Its a bit of a mess right now. Hes in the
middle of renovating and its going to be a long haul.
Ah. The old McLaren estate.
Maverick didnt see the need to answer because in fact, the
woman seemed to know every bit of his business. Except for his
name and he was hoping to keep that one on the down low. His
brother Cooper had been staying out here, pretty much
incognito, off and on for the last five years and damned if
Maverick was going to blow his cover.
She tucked her note pad into the front pocket of her faded
white apron. You have the look of a west coast boy.
Damn. She was good. Ive spent the last ten years in
California.
I figured as much. Just a warning, this place, this town, has a
habit of making permanent residents of the,
just passing
through folks. I should know. Nearly thirty years ago, I was one
of them.
Really,
 Maverick answered. What made you take up
roots?
What else,
 she said with a giggle. A man.
Mavericks smile widened. I appreciate the warning, but Im
only here to relax and recharge the batteries.
Uh huh,
 Jessie replied.
Its the truth,
 he said.
Those were my words too. She winked.
Jessie turned away just as the door to the place opened up,
letting in a gust of wind and swirling snow that caught the
sunlight, making diamonds in the air. A little boy, who looked to
be about ten, shuffled into the diner and headed toward the
counter. He was bundled in full-on winter gear and so was his
companion, and after a nudge from the adult, he climbed onto a
stool.
Maverick watched the kid tug off his knitted hat letting loose
a riot of chestnut curls. He folded his hands in front of him and
sat there, as still and silent as a mouse. Huh. None of the Simon
boys had ever been that well behaved.
Guess schools still closed? he asked Jessie as she filled his
mug with coffee. Maverick leaned back in the booth, eyes still on
the boy.
Oh, yes. Along with the storm, there was some kind of
problem with pipes bursting and the school wont be open until
tomorrow.
Jessie handed Maverick his bill. He grabbed it and reached for
his wallet. Can you recommend a local mechanic? One who can
work on a sled? My brothers got an old skidoo but its not
running. I thought I might get it going for him and take it out for
a ride.
Sure. Jessie took his twenty and handed him his change.
Charlie Samuels can fix you up.
Great,
 Maverick said with a grin. Where can I find the
shop? Ill stop in on my way back.
You can talk to Charlie yourself. The waitress pointed to
the young man at the counter beside the little boy who was now
digging into a plate of fries.
Thanks,
 Maverick replied. Ill do that. He finished his
coffee while scrolling through several text messages from
Donovan James.
Havent heard from you. Hope all is well.
Okay its been three days, Rick. WTF?
Did you meet someone? Are you screwing some lucky
womans brains out?
Okay. Not nice. Im going to come out there if you dont text
me back soon. Wherever the hell you are.
Better yet Ill tell Elle to track you down.
Donovan, a bona fide country music star, was his best friend
and she also happened to be married to his cousin, Jack. She was
tenacious, and like a dog with a bone, she didnt give up when
she was after something. And over the last few months, shed
been after him. She knew something was up. He couldnt write
worth shit. Couldnt focus. Hell, he hadnt played the piano or
picked up his guitar in weeks.
Donovan was convinced he was having a midlife crisis at the
age of thirty-one, but Maverick knew better. There was no
rhyme or reason. Sometimes things got screwed up. Sometimes
you just needed a break from life.
Whatever,
 he muttered, shoving his cell back into his
pocket. He had time to figure things out. In fact out here in the
middle of nowhere, he had nothing but time.
He left a twenty on the table and headed for the door, eyes on
the kid at the counter but his companion was nowhere to be
seen. Maverick glanced around with no luck.
Hey,
 he said to the boy. Youre here with Charlie Samuels
right?
The kid froze, a forkful of French fries halfway between the
plate and his mouth. Maverick waited but he didnt budge.
Bud? Maverick tried again, watching him closely. The boy
turned slightly, but wouldnt meet Ricks gaze, the fries still held
in mid-air.
His skin was pale and his eyes were a shade of blue so light it
was almost colorless. Fringed with thick dark lashes and a
smattering of freckles across his nose, the boy looked delicate.
Fragile even.
Maverick waited a few more moments, unsure of how to
proceed and then the boy shoved the fries in his mouth. He
continued to ignore Maverick and dug into his plate, swooshing
the remaining fries around in the gravy.
Huh.
Your dad, is he around? Maverick tried again. The boy
swirled his fries around faster and faster. If Maverick didnt
know better, hed think the kid was agitated or shy or justodd.
Excuse me.
The voice came from behind him, it wasnt exactly cold, but it
wasnt exactly friendly either. Maverick glanced over his
shoulder and was nailed by a pair of eyes, paler than the kids at
the counter. Framed by dark, delicate eyebrows and the same
thick lashes hed just seen on the boy, they narrowed.
For a few seconds Maverick stared into those pale eyes, at a
face that was interesting, dramatic, and unsettling. He saw
things randomly, like flash cards being tossed in front of him.
A full mouth.
Long wisps of dark auburn hair poking from beneath a black
knit hat.
High cheekbones.
A smudge of dirt on said, high cheekbones.
A small nose, with a slight upturn.
And those eyes. They were the most unusual shade hed ever
seen, like looking into glass that was frosted with the barest hint
of blue.
What the hell? He felt like hed just been punched in the gut.
His heart sped up and he took step back from the counter, off
kilter and not liking it one bit.
Im looking for Charlie Samuels,
 he managed to say
without sounding like a complete idiot.
Youre looking at Charlie. She had a voice that was a little
roughthe kind of voice a blues song would slide over and wrap
itself in. She also had attitude, and from the looks of it, she
wasnt too keen on him.
That was okay. Maverick liked a challenge.
So Charlies a woman,
 Maverick said with a slow smile.
Like I havent heard that before. The sarcasm was heavy,
but he ignored it.
Im sorry,
 he replied. I didnt mean to offend.
I didnt say that I was offended.
For the life of him, Maverick had no idea what hed done to
deserve such coldness. He didnt answer her. He didnt move. He
just stared at her. Waiting for the right moment. It came. He saw
it in the little tick beside that full mouth.
Have I done something I shouldnt have? he asked.
She pointed toward the boy. He doesnt talk to strangers.
Okay. He got that. She was protective of her kid, but still
And apparently you dont either?
Dont what?
Talk to strangers.
No, not really. There was no hesitation, though he noted a
slight flair in her nostrils and maybe a bit of a blush in her
cheeks.
Okay. What the hell? He frowned, trying to figure her out.
What? She glanced up at him.
You dont like me,
 he said.
I dont know you.
True. Do you dislike everyone you dont know?
I dont dislike She licked the corner of her mouth and
swore, eyes darting behind him. Youre making him nervous.
Can you please move away from Connor? It wasnt a question,
but a command.
The boy was banging his fork against the counter, his timing
perfect, yet there was something about the way his body was
positioned. About the way his eyes were focused, not on what he
was doing, but off into space.
Maverick moved a step away.
What do you want? she asked sharply, eyes sliding from his
to the boy again.
I hear that youre a mechanic.
His gaze moved over her clothes, for the first time noting
grease on the knees of her faded jeans. Heavy work boots
adorned her feet and the pea green jacket she wore was big and
bulky. It looked as if it had seen better days and was threadbare
in the elbow.
Other than her striking eyes and delicate facial features, it
was hard to know what she looked like underneath all that gear.
And? she asked, in what could only be described as a duh
moment.
Mavericks mouth thinned a bit. He wasnt used to such
hostility coming from someone hed barely met. Damn, but this
woman was prickly.
She moved by him and he caught the faintest whisper of
vanilla.
And motor oil.
The little boy turned to the side as she pulled his hat back on,
eyes on the floor. She yelled down at Jessie,
Weve got to run.
And tossed a five dollar bill onto the counter.
Thats it? Maverick asked. Dont you want to know why I
was enquiring after a mechanic?
She sighed. A big old, youre-annoying-me-but-what-can-Ido-for-you
kind of sigh and turned back to him, tugging up her
scarf so that the lower half of her face was covered.
Another time and place would have seen Maverick walking
away. He didnt normally tolerate rude people. Didnt see the
need to clog up his time with that kind of crap. But there was
something about this woman that pissed him off just enough to
stay in her face.
Probably because he knew she didnt like it.
Probably because he wanted to know why.
Mostly because Maverick Simon hated losing and he sure as
hell wasnt going to let this cold, bitchy woman get the best of
him.
Look, uh
The names Rick.
Her eyes widened a bit and for a second he caught a glimpse
of something in their depths. He didnt know what it was, but it
sure as hell made her all the more intriguing. Just what the hell
was her game?
My garage is on Landings Lane, last place on the right. Its
just around the corner. If youve got something you need fixed,
bring it by and well fit you in.
She reached for the boys hand but the kid jerked back and
slipped his fists into his pockets. A heartbeat passed and then
she pointed toward the door. Come on, Connor.
The kid slid the rest of the way off the stool and they turned
from him without another word. Maverick stared after them,
watching them disappear into the swirling snow just outside the
diner.
Son-of-a-bitch. Hed been dismissed.
Dont mind Charlie. Shes a little rough around the edges,

Jessie said, running a cloth over the counter where the boy had
just been.
You think? he said, more to himself than to anyone.
But shes the sweetest girl.
Thats something I find hard to believe.
She really is. Shes had a tough time of it, being alone with
Connor and all. Jessies eyebrows rose in question. Are you
going to take your sled over? Dont let her attitude scare you off.
Charlie can pretty much fix anything and if she cant, Davis
can.
Maverick zipped up his North Face jacket and pulled a hat out
of his pocket. I might,
 he replied. Its not like he had anything
else on his schedule. Maybe Ill catch a glimpse of that there
sweet side you just mentioned.
Not that he was interested.
He turned and headed out into the cold winter, not hearing
Jessies reply over the wind in his ear.
I hope so.
If he had, he might have decided to steer clear of Charlie
Samuels because Jessies words carried not only a hint of sorrow,
but there was some weight therea bit of expectation and hope.
And really, what did expectation and hope have to do with a
man only passing through?
S
2
o I heard theres a new guy in town.
Here we go.
Charlie sighed and glanced over at her girlfriend, Ava. It had
taken her less than five minutes to bring up that particular
subject, and really, for Ava that was some kind of record.
The brunettes dark eyes glistened with excitement, her
pretty face flush. Charlie got the interest. She really did.
Fishermans Landing had a population that was inching toward
two thousand. Being out in the middle of nowhere with the city
of Boston over an hour away, the dating pool was limited.
The town made money from tourism in the summer, with
their beaches, and lobster and boating. In the winter, things
were leaner and it was the main reason the population never
increased by much.
Everyone knew everyone and for singles, it was hard to meet
someone new unless you moved away or drove to the city every
weekend. Even then, what kind of guy were you going to meet in
a bar?
Charlie glanced around The Devils Ride and grimaced. Ironic
since she found herself here on a Friday night. Why the hell had
she let Ava convince her to come out for drinks? The place was

fulllikely because there was a country band tonight, but
mostly because there was nowhere else to drink and let off some
steam.
Charlie didnt normally do Friday nights for a whole lot of
reasons. Mainly because by the time the weekend rolled around,
she was dead tired. Hell, she was more than tired. She was
overworked, mentally exhausted, and stressed-the-hell-out.
She should have grabbed a six-pack of Bud and tackled the pile
of invoices sitting on her desk instead of hanging in The Devils
Ride, drinking cheap whiskey and munching on stale pretzels.
Ava took a sip of her beer and grinned. So is he as hot as
Jessie said he was?
Charlie leaned back against the bar and shrugged. Hes okay,
I guess. I wasnt really paying attention.
Of course she was full of shit. Even though Charlie had barely
exchanged five sentences with the guy, shed got enough of an
eyeful to know he was the kind of man you didnt run into every
day. Here or anywhere else, for that matter. It wasnt just the
fact that he was one of the hottest looking guys shed ever seen
his face could have graced the cover of a fashion magazineit
was more than that. He was just soso something.
What that something was, she didnt exactly know but the
guy had charisma and he oozed sex appeal. She would have had
to be a moron not to notice. And Charlie wasnt a moroneven
as distracted as shed been with Connor. She never knew when
her brother would have a meltdown and with school being
cancelled, his routine had been blown wide open. The littlest
thing could set him off.
Rick.
His voice echoed in her mind. It had been rich, full bodied,
with a slight drawl that marked him from somewhere south of
here.
Well didnt he bring his sled in to your shop yesterday?
Wow. News really did travel at the speed of light in this town.
Amused, she took a few moments before answering.
Yes he did.
And
Charlie reached for her drink. And I wasnt there. I fixed it
this morning and was out picking up a transmission from the
scrap yard when he returned.
Oh. Ava sounded disappointed, but then perked up.
Maybe hell come out for a drink.
Maybe hes holed up somewhere with a girlfriend or wife.
Nope.
Charlie glanced at her friend once more. How do you know?
Because Jessie said hes staying out at the McLaren place and
that hes alone. Says that it belongs to his brother or
something. She frowned. I remember that someone bought it
a few years back, right?
Charlie nodded. Shed heard the same thing, though no one
had ever seen the guy.
So maybe hell be looking for some excitement on a Friday
night,
 Ava said with a grin.
Charlie doubted that the man shed met would find The
Devils Ride an exciting place to visit.
Maybe,
 Charlie murmured, for the first time spying a man
seated in the corner booth. Great. Her cheeks flushed and her
eyes narrowed, but she couldnt look away. She shouldnt be
surprised to see him, but she was.
Jeremy Martin.
Hed been Charlies on again/off again boyfriend since high
school. Theyd broken up when shed left for college, but had
hooked up when shed returned. For a while, she thought he was
the guy shed marryeveryone thought it was going to happen
until he cheated on her with a married woman. And that would
be the woman sitting across from him, Emily Bryan.
Shit,
 Ava said quietly, following Charlies gaze. I didnt
know he was here. We can leave if you want.
And do what? Charlie asked, dryly. Jeremy and I havent
been a couple for months now, Ava. Its a small town. Were
going to bump into each other. Cant avoid it and Im over him
anyway, so dont worry about it.
And she was. Except that Emily Bryan had married a good guy
and it burned Charlies ass to see her out in public with the
dingus whod helped destroy her marriage.
Charlies eyes narrowed as Emily got up from the booth and
leaned over to brush her lips across Jeremys. It was February
cold as helland the woman was decked out in a short skirt with
a low cut top that left little to the imagination. Her long blond
hair hung in ribbons down her back, the platinum ropes
glistening in the dim light.
Jesus. Did she have some kind of power source stuck up in
there? Who had hair like that?
And her shoes.
Charlie glanced down at the Doc Martens shed pulled on.
Not exactly feminine, but then again, they were comfortable.
Long gone were the days that Charlie thought about fashion over
comfort. Kind of sad considering she was only twenty-five.
Good Lord,
 Ava said. What pregnant woman wears five
inch stilettos?
Charlies head whipped around. What? Emily was
pregnant?
More than a little shocked, Charlie reached for her whiskey.
Not so much because she needed a drink, but because she
desperately needed something to do with her hands.
A baby. Jeremy Martin was going to have a baby. She glanced
over at him again.
Son-of-a-bitch.
A baby.
Charlie hadnt even known that she wanted a child until hed
told her that he wasnt ready for that kind of commitment. Hed
said that he didnt see a kid in their futurenot with Connor in
the picture. And Charlie and Connor were a package deal.
The dull ache in her chest morphed into full on hurt and
Charlie exhaled, blinking away the hot tears that had suddenly
formed in the corners of her eyes. What the hell? She was over
Jeremy. Truthfully, shed been over him before theyd even
broken up. It was the idea of him, of a family of her own, of a
sibling for Connor that made her heart ache.
And if she was going to be brutally honest, it was the idea of
having a shoulder to take on some of the weight that had become
her life. A shoulder that might loosen the noose around her neck
enough for her to not just contemplate, but to pursue some of
the dreams shed left behind the night her father died.
Oh, damn, Charlotte. I thought you knew,
 Ava whispered.
Im sorry. I heard about it last week and Iwell, I figured it was
the reason youve been so, you knowbitchy.
Nope, that was just standard PMS.
Charlie glanced down at her hands for several seconds and
then downed the rest of her whiskey in one gulp. Dont worry
about it.
Ava nudged her. Lets go grab a couple bottles of wine and
head back to my place. Well drink them until theres nothing
left and trash talk Jeremy until theres no more trash talking to
be done.
Charlie probably should have followed her girlfriends advice,
but instead she turned to Angus, the bartender, and asked for
another whiskey. She tucked a long strand of hair behind her ear
and focused on the tumbler in her hands as she slid from her
stool and turned so that her back was to the room.
Charlie, are you sure you want to stay? Ava asked softly.
Yep.
No way in hell was she leaving on account of Jeremy.
Just promise me you wont start anything, okay?
Irritated, she glanced at her friend. Like what?
Ava frowned. Are you kidding me? The last time you got
pissed off at Jeremy the cops were called, remember? You backed
your tow-truck into his F-150.
Oh. Right.
Lets just go,
 Ava said hopefully.
No,
 Charlie retorted. Im not leaving just because
Jeremys here with his knocked up, still married, inappropriately
dressed lady friend.
Charlie.
Dont Charlie me, Ava. Im over him.
Shit.
They deserve each other.
Shit,
 Ava murmured again, grabbing her beer, eyes behind
Charlie.
Seriously, dont worry about it.
Shit,
 her friend repeated, voice rising slightly.
Okay. Ava was taking this a little too far, even for her.
Ava
Oh my God, theyre coming over. Hes coming over.
Good Lord, what the hell was wrong with Ava? Her voice had
risen a couple octaves.
I dont give a flying crap, Ava. Jeremy Martin can kiss my
ass.
Whos Jeremy Martin?
Charlie glanced over her shoulder and met a pair of dark
chocolate eyes. For a moment she had nothingand it was a rare
thing for Charlie Samuels to be speechlessbut she recovered
nicely, arched an eyebrow and squared her shoulders.
Jeremy Martin can kiss my ass is none of your business.
Jesus, Charlotte. Thats no way to talk to someone new in
town. Ava slid off her stool and held out her hand, eyes as wide
as the smile on her face. You have to be the new guy everyones
been talking about. Im Ava.
Rick,
 he responded smiling at Charlies friend, though his
eyes moved back to Charlie, and for one breathless moment,
more zigs and zags than she could count rushed through her.
Um. What? Unnerved, she settled back onto her stool and
took a moment. Then Charlie reached for her whiskey and swore
when her fingers closed around an empty tumbler. Glaring at
Angus the bartender, she held up her empty glass.
Davis slid up beside her and whispered near her ear. Be
nice.
Jason Davis was her best friend. Shed known him all her life
and hed worked for her dad right out of high school. Now he
worked for Charlie. At thirty, he was still singlewhich made no
sense. With wicked blue eyes and a thick mop of blond curls, he
had more women after him than he had time for. Funny as hell
and loyal to the end, hed been there for Charlie during her
darkest days. After her father passed, she would have fallen
apart if not for Davis.
Ill try,
 she muttered, glancing toward Ava. But it was those
chocolate eyes that she saw once more. Rick stared at her as if he
could see right through her, and dammit Charlie broke eye
contact. Okay, she really needed to get her shit together.
You guys eat yet? Davis asked.
Yes,
 Charlie said.
No,
 Ava replied at the same time. You inviting us over,
Davis?
That depends.
On what? Ava asked.
Whether or not youre hooking up with Seth Rogers. The guy
is a doorknob and I dont have time to listen to his bullshit.
Since when do you care about Seth?
I dont.
Whatever, grumpy pants. Im here with Charlie. Alone. She
batted her eyes in an exaggerated manner. And hungry.
Charlie watched her friends, amused by their banter. Jesus,
were they ever going to see how right they were for each other?
Daviss eyes narrowed a bit and he turned from Ava, leaning
closer to Charlie. Forget about Jeremy. Come sit with me and
my new buddy Rick.
Since when are you and him buddies?
Since you overcharged him for the job this morning.
I didnt
Bullshit.
Whatever. Im fine at the bar,
 Charlie said, making a face.
You dont seem fine,
 Davis replied. Weve got a table in
the corner near the band. You dont need to be looking at old
news and trust me, hes old news.
Why hadnt she just stayed home? Maybe she should just
And if you leave now, Jeremys new piece will think shes
won something. Dont let her get under your skin. Shes not
worth it.
Angus set a new drink in front of her and Charlies fingers slid
across the cold glass. She stared at the condensation for a few
seconds. Davis was right. If she left now Jeremy and half the
town would think it was because she still had feelings for him.
She glanced at the half filled bowl of stale pretzels. She was
kind of hungry.
Fine,
 she muttered to Davis, eyes sliding to Rick, who
thankfully had taken his gaze off her and was chatting with Ava.
Whys he here again?
I invited him.
Why?
Suddenly suspicious, Charlie focused on Davis. It wouldnt be
the first time hed tried to set her up with someone. He knew
how pathetic her social life was. Hell, she couldnt even
remember the last time shed had an orgasm by anything other
than her own hand. Long before she and Jeremy had broken up,
things had soured in that department. But Charlie had way too
much on her plate. She didnt have the time or energy for a
distraction.
A distraction like this here Rick-whoever-the-hell-he-was.
Not even with the zigs and the zags.
Why what? Davis asked.
Startled from of her train of thought, Charlie slid off her
stool, taking a gulp of whiskey as she did so.
Never mind. Lets eat.
She marched past the three of them, ignoring the surprise in
Avas face and totally ignoring the man beside her. She smiled at
Jeremy when she passed his table (and yes, she wished like hell
shed pulled on something other than her old faded denim, the
plain white tank top and the blue plaid flannel shirt, but
whatever).
She settled into the booth, set her drink in front of her and,
shit, moved over when the new man in town, Rick slid in beside
her. There was a smirk on his face she didnt like.
Or maybe she did, and that was a problem.
Funny isnt it? he murmured, leaning toward her so that
Davis and Ava had no way of hearing him.
He smelled nice.
Okay, Charlie thought. Stop it. Be cool. Hes just a guy. And
she wasnt interested.
Whats that? she asked, wishing hed move back an inch or
so. You know, on account of him smelling so nice.
A smile, played around the edges of his mouth. In a bar full
of people, you end up sitting beside the one guy you dont like.
Thats not funny,
 she replied, suddenly fighting the urge to
smile, herself.
No?
Its ironic.
He stared at her for a long time. How long she couldnt say.
It was long enough for Charlie to know that if she didnt
watch her step, her life might become more complicated than
she was ready for. And Charlie was, if anything, pragmatic. She
didnt like surprises.
She also didnt like the butterflies that had suddenly
appeared inside her, because the thing was, Charlie Samuels had
no time for damn butterflies, especially when the reason for
them wouldnt be sticking around.
That little bit of lightness inside her faded just as fast at it had
come because there was no way in hell this man was staying in
Fishermans Landing. Not for long. She thought of her mother.
She thought of her fathers broken heart.
No one ever did.
A
3
bout halfway through Friday night, Maverick knew that it was
going to take him a hell of a lot longer to figure out Charlie
Samuels than hed first thought. The womans middle name
could have been contradiction. Nothing about her was as it
seemed. Nothing.
She was hot and then cold. In your face and then reflective.
She was quiet and then a barrel laugh would come out of
nowhere. The kind that made heads turn.
She was quick to argue (he wasnt going to lie, he kind of liked
that) but conceded when she was wrong. Sure it took a bit of
coaxing, but her friends Davis and Ava knew all the right buttons
to push.
She was beautiful in a way he wasnt used to. There were a lot
of gorgeous women in California, especially in LA. But a lot of
that beauty was manufactured and plastic. The women who
moved in his circle wore the latest designer threads and only
went to the it places so they could be seen. They came to the
west coast looking for a dream that sadly turned many of them
into women they no longer recognized.
Hed seen it time and time again.
But Charlie, out for a Friday night dressed in old jeans and
boots and flannel, with her fresh scrubbed face, sexy-as-hell
mouth, arresting eyes and hair the color of old apple cider
spilling around her shoulderswell, she piqued his interest in a
way hed not felt since.
Since hed first laid eyes on Donovan James.
And that was saying something because Donnie was one hell
of a woman. The fact that theyd never gone past being friends
was a good thing. Sex usually complicated relationships and
working with Donovan had been complicated enough. They
wrote great songs together and had learned early on that being
there for each other was what they were good at. What they
needed to be.
But Charlie, or rather Charlotte as hed found out, now she
made him think that things in Fishermans Landing could get
interesting. And maybe he shouldnt be thinking along those
linesits not as if he was sticking around or anythingbut
they were adults and if he was right, there was something
between them. And for the first time in a long time he was
excited at the thought of pursuing a woman.
Being a Simon alone made him interesting to most of the
women that he met, but this one here, she had no idea who he
was. There was something refreshing about that.
Damn straight, Maverick thought as he scrubbed at the foggy
mirror in the bathroom, he was looking forward to figuring out
what exactly it was that made Charlie Samuels tick.
Its why hed invited her to his brothers place to take a look
at the rusted out Shelby Mustang in the barn. The idea had come
to him, somewhere between the basket of chicken wings theyd
devoured (he also liked a woman who had an appetite and wasnt
afraid to show it) and the jug of beer theyd ordered up.
He glanced up at the clock set precariously on the shelf above
the toilet. He had about twenty minutes until she was due to
arrive and if he didnt get a move onIt
was just then that the doorbell sounded, and with a curse he
tossed the towel aside and strode into his bedroom. He grabbed a
pair of jeans from the edge of his bed.
Give me a minute,
 he shouted down the stairs.
He pulled them on and the doorbell went off again. Maverick
zipped up and snatched a faded blue Henley out of his suitcase.
Barefoot, he made his way down the stairs and across the foyer.
It took more than a few secondsthe house was large and had
been built in an era when big meant everything.
Damn,
 he muttered, tugging on the Henley sleeves as he
yanked open the door. The darn thing was inside out.
Cold air slammed against him and he gazed down at blue eyes
that were not focused on him per saythey were glued to his
naked chest. Bemused, he took a moment to take in the pink
cheeks and smattering of freckles across a nose that was equally
pink from the cold.
Sorry,
 he said slowly. I just got out of the shower.
Startled eyes shot up to his and damn if something inside him
didnt tighten. He hadnt been wrong at all. There was a
connection here. His heart began to beat a little faster.
A strong connection.
Im sorry,
 Charlie said, eyes dropping from his. Im early.
I think. And Iwell I wasnt going to come but realized that I had
no way of getting in touch with you.
Another gust of wind blew snow at him and Maverick took a
step back, finally winning the war with his blasted shirt. He
tugged it over his head and smiled. Ive got to find some clean
socks and grab my boots. Come on in.
Ive got Connor with me if thats all right,
 she said in a
rush, those clear eyes once more on him. This was last minute
and I couldnt get hold of Mrs. Kratz and shes the only person
besides Davis who can watch him.
She was nervous and was already backing away, shaking her
head slowly. Maybe we should just do this another time. I can
come back when its convenient.
Maverick noticed a shadow behind Charlie and he cranked his
neck to the side so that he could get a good look at the boy who
stood just behind her. Those same blue eyes stared up at him,
but this time instead of moving away, they lingered. Something
sparked inside their depthssomething that he couldnt quite
put his finger on. But it was there. And it was real.
And it vanished almost as soon as it had come.
The boy began to fidget, rubbing his fingers together as he
leaned into Charlie. Maverick didnt know much about kids, but
he had a feeling there was something going on with this one and
he figured he needed to go slow. The boy was nervous.
Hey its all good,
 he said carefully, taking another step back
and keeping his voice low. Come on in. I just need a couple
minutes to finish getting dressed and then well head to the
building out back.
He didnt wait for an answer. Maverick turned and took the
stairs two at a time, hurrying back to the bedroom hed claimed
as his own. After rooting through his suitcase for a clean pair of
socks (he should just give in and unpack already), he tugged
them on and slipped into his worn leather boots. He grabbed his
North Face jacket from the chair where hed tossed it the night
before and headed back downstairs before Charlie changed her
mind.
And he would be right about thather hand was on the door
when he cleared the bottom step.
The building is out back which would be in the other
direction.
She wore the same overly large coat that shed sported the
other day and even through all that material, he could see her
shoulders were tense. Connor stood beside her, eyes on the floor
and not making a sound though he still fidgeted with his fingers.
This probably isnt a good idea,
 Charlie said without
turning back. He doesnt do well with new people.
He took a few steps until he was close enough and kept his
voice neutral. But weve already met. He waited a second.
Charlie, lets just go have a look at the Mustang. It would be a
shame not to, considering the trip out. Connor will be fine, right
bud?
The boys fingers froze when he heard his name and shot a
glance up at Maverick. His cheeks were as pink as Charlies and
he swiped at his nose before pushing an errant curl off of his
forehead. The kid didnt say a word but something changed and
after a few moments, Charlies shoulders relaxed and she turned
back.
Okay,
 she said softly. Lets go Connor.
Maverick headed to the side door off the kitchen. Dont
worry about your bootsas you can see the place is a bit of a
work in progress.
That was an understatement. Cooper had been working on
refinishing things in the house himself, but only when he had
the timeand from what Maverick could see, his brother didnt
have much extra.
The three of them headed outside and crossed over to the
large outbuilding that was the only new structure on the entire
estate. His brother Cooper had hired contractors to build it the
previous summer. It had every modern convenience, including a
kitchen, office, media room with leather sofas, big screen TV and
a bar. A large heated garage that held the prized Shelby Cobra
was just off the main room.
He stood back and opened the door for Charlie and Connor,
following them inside before hitting the lights.
Wow,
 Charlie murmured, looking around.
When hes around, my brother spends most of his time out
here.
I see that. Charlies brow furrowed. What does your
brother do?
Shit. He wasnt going there. Maverick was the only person on
the planet who knew that the reclusive Lee Holloway was in fact
his brother, Cooper Simon.
Nothing much as far as I can tell,
 he answered, smiling at
the thought of Coops outrage if he heard that particular
comment.
Charlie tossed him a look and then shrugged. So wheres the
car?
Maverick pointed and started forward. This way.
Charlie led Connor over to one of the leather sofas and the
boy slid onto it in silence. Stay here,
 she said gently, reaching
for his hat. The boy tensed and jerked his head back and
Maverick looked the other way, but not before seeing pain flicker
across Charlies face.
She followed him into the garage and gave a low whistle when
she spied the car. Wow. Ive never laid eyes on one of these
before, at least not outside of a magazine.
She doffed her jacket and Mavericks eyes rolled over her
jean-clad ass as she bent over and lifted the hood to peer inside.
He was being a Neanderthal, but Jesus, he couldnt help himself.
Had he ever seen another woman fill out a pair of Levis the way
Charlie did?
He let his eyes settle once more. He didnt think so.
Its a 67 Shelby Cobra,
 she said excitedly. The body needs
some work but the engine doesnt look too bad. I mean, Id have
to take a closer look but She glanced over her shoulder, eyes
narrowing slightly.
Busted. Hed been caught staring at her butt like a teenager
on his first date.
Has it run lately? she asked dryly.
He had no idea. I dont think so,
 Maverick replied, moving
closer and making a concerted effort to keep things above board,
which meant eyes above the waist.
At least for the moment.
Charlie stepped back and walked around the side, opening the
drivers door so that she could peek inside. It protested with a
loud creak. She winced and had a good look. The leathers
rough. Id definitely have the seats redone but the dashboard
looks not too bad, especially considering the age. She stood
back and smiled. Its gorgeous though. Is he interested in
restoring it?
Again. No clue. Im assuming he bought it for that reason.
He watched as she walked around the car, running her fingers
over the paint, stopping here and there where there was obvious
rust.
You love cars,
 he said, more to himself than anything.
I do,
 she replied, eyes inspecting every inch of the
Mustang. I love everything about them. The way they work, the
dynamics involved. The design.
I guess thats why you like to fix them.
Her head shot up and for a moment those pale eyes darkened.
A heart beat passed. I fix them because I have to.
An evasive answer that just led to more questions. And Lord
knows Maverick had a boatload of questions. He opened his
mouth to ask one of them but was interrupted by a single piano
note that rang out and filled the space around them.
He glanced back to where theyd come from, knowing that
Connor must have wandered over to Mavericks keyboard. Hed
set up some gear including the keyboard, guitar, and a mixer,
when hed first arrived, but hadnt touched the damn things.
Connor,
 Charlie whispered before rushing back.
Hey dont worry about it,
 Maverick offered and followed
her back to the great room.
Charlie stood just inside the room watching Connor as he
hesitated and then hit another note. And then another. It wasnt
until Maverick came abreast of Charlie that he noticed a single
tear making its way down her cheek.
Puzzled, he glanced back to the little boy. I dont mind if
your son plays with my stuff. If thats whats got you upset.
She sniffled and offered a small smile, though she too kept
her gaze on the boy. Im not upset. She turned to him then,
her eyes full and shinythat mouth trembling with emotion.
Far from it,
 she murmured.
Mavericks breath caught and if this were another time or
place, hed take the plunge and plant one hell of a kiss on those
lips.
And hes not my son,
 she whispered.
No? Maverick asked carefully, surprised as hell.
Hes my brother.
Charlie walked over to Connor but as soon as she did, his
fingers fell away from the keys and he stood still as a statue. For
several more moments there were no sounds. No words. Hell, he
wasnt even sure if any of them took a breath.
We should go,
 Charlie said slowly.
Sure, I appreciate you coming out to take a look at the car.
Ill let you know if my brother wants to have the Mustang
restored.
She didnt answer and he got the idea that shed moved on
from the car. Her focus was on Connor.
Maverick cleared his throat and walked them to the door, all
the while his thoughts swirling in a hundred directions. He
wondered why she was raising her brother. He wondered about
the kids odd behavior. He wondered about that spark between
them and what it could mean.
But mainly he wondered what it was that would make a
woman cry over a little boy who showed interest in a piano.
S
4
o?
Charlie lifted her head from the bench in front of her and
glanced over at Davis. Wiping her hand across her cheek, she
swore. Great. She didnt have to look in a mirror to know shed
just smudged grease all over herself. Davis was installing a new
water pump into Hank Crenshaws truck while she was
rebuilding the carburetor.
Davis was looking at her expectantly and Charlie turned back
to the task at hand. It was nearing noon on Monday and she had
two other jobs ahead of her before she could call it a day.
Just spit it out, Davis,
 she muttered, jamming her finger
good and swearing a blue streak when she caught sight of her
torn nail. Damn, it had been the last good one. Not that it
mattered. Her hands were in rough shape and with all the dirt
and grease that coated them, the fact that they were dry and
cracking shouldnt really matter. But then again, who other than
Charlie cared about the state of her hands?
No one. Not one damn person.
Mood suddenly foul, she frowned and continued tinkering
with the carburetor.
You gonna spill or what? Davis prompted.

Jesus,
 she whispered under her breath. She knew what he
was talking about but since there was nothing to tell, she
shrugged and kept working.
About the Shelby I mean.
Yeah. Right. The Mustang. Davis wasnt exactly smooth.
Needs some work,
 she finally replied.
Huh,
 Davis said. He ask you to restore it?
Nope.
She snuck a glance. Davis was surprised. She really needed to
nip this in the bud before it got out of hand. Wiping her hands
down the front of her coveralls, she turned around and leaned
back against the bench.
Look, Davis. He said hed let me know if his brother wanted
the car restored. I havent heard from him, so maybe his brother
is fine with the Shelby the way it is. Not everyone who buys a
classic car is prepared to spend the kind of money it takes to get
it back to its original state.
She reached for a rag and then paused, looking at her hands
again because really, what good would it do?
The thing is,
 she continued. Even if he does want work
done on the Shelby, we dont have time for the job. I fix cars that
people use. Thats my bread and butter and last time I looked,
were pretty much booked into next month. Im not a body
person and neither are you so the whole thing is stupid anyway. I
dont even know why I bothered to go out and take a look at it.
You went out because that car is special and maybe you need
to work on something for the love of it, not because you need to
pay bills.
Thats just it, Davis. I need to pay lots of bills including your
wages and uh, the last time I looked, love doesnt pay the bills.
In fact love usually gets in the way.
Since when did you become a grump?
Since I became responsible for another human being.
Davis was silent for a few moments, but that didnt mean the
guy was giving up. I think we could do it. Farm out the
bodywork and Id like to take a crack at the upholstery and
interior in my spare time. As for the engine, no one knows cars
better than you. Not even Davis halted, eyes softening a bit.
Not even your dad.
Charlie shifted her feet and exhaled, hating that the familiar
slice of pain would never go away. Thats not what this is about,
Davis, and you know it.
Davis shoved his hands into the front pockets of his coveralls
and leaned against the truck. And whats this about?
Really? Were going to play this game?
He shrugged but remained silent.
I dont want or need you playing cupid. Nothing is gonna
happen between Rick and me. Hell, I dont even know his last
name. In fact I dont know anything about him. He could be a
serial killer for all we know.
I doubt it,
 Davis said with a chuckle.
Doubt it all you want, but the truth is we know nothing
about him, and I dont want to talk about it anymore.
Fine,
 Davis replied, reaching for the water pump.
Fine,
 she repeated, voice sharp. She paused. Why dont
we talk about Ava and Seth?
Davis gave her a warning glance and she smiled, turning her
attention back to the task at hand. That should shut him up.
Five minutes went by as Charlie focused on the carburetor.
Five minutes of nothing but the faint strains of some country
song (shed like to know whod changed her classic rock channel
to new country) talking about broken hearts, whiskey, and a flat
tire. Deep stuff, she thought wryly, swaying a bit because, well,
the melody was kind of cool and the guy did have a great voice. A
little rough around the edges, like itd been soaked in that there
whiskey he was singing about.
Bet hed take you up on an invite to the Valentines dance at
the community center Saturday night.
Sweet Jesus and Joseph and Mary and anyone else for that
matter. Guess her five minutes were up.
Davis, since when do I have time to go dances? She turned
the carburetor over in her hands, eyes inspecting every inch of it.
She was just about done.
You used to.
Yeah, well, I used to do a lot of things. She tried not to
sound bitter, but even Charlie winced at the heaviness that
colored her words.
Thats my point.
Oh. My. God. Now glaring at Davis, she set the carburetor
down because, in fact, she wanted to throw it at him. And
knowing that she was more than capable of doing just that if her
temper got the better of her, Charlie stepped away from the
bench. They were too busy for her only mechanic to be out with a
head injury.
Why in hell would you think that Id consider sleeping with a
guy I just met?
Daviss mouth twitched. I didnt say anything about sleeping
with the guy.
I know exactly what youre getting at. Just because I havent
had sex in like forever, doesnt mean you have the right to offer
me up like some goddamn prize to some random man who
happens to be staying in town for a few weeks. Rick whoeverthe-hell-he-is
can get his rocks off with someone else.
Okay, now her cheeks were burning, but she didnt give a rats
ass.
I just mentioned a dance is all.
A dance that I have no intention of attending.
If it wasnt Valentines Day, would you go?
Nope.
Whens the last time you had some fun anyway?
What? Now she was shooting daggers at her mechanic. He
was treading just a little too close to home.
Fun? You remember what that word is, dont you? Its got
three letters? As if she couldnt count, he held up three dirty,
greasy digits.
She didnt answer him because shed gone from irritated to
pissed in less than two minutes, and well, she couldnt answer
him even if she wanted to. Not without lying. Fun? That was a
word that had no place in her life anymore. At least not right
now.
Maybe never.
I know youve had it rough with Connor and all. With what
happened with your dad and how the little guys handled it. But
Jesus, Charlotte youre wasting away here. You had so much
So much what? Her throat was tight and she could barely
get the words out.
Potential,
 Davis said softly. Dont let life beat you down,
Charlie. Youre not getting any younger and last time I looked,
Fishermans Landing wasnt exactly crawling with eligible men.
Ricks into you. Hell, Ava and I both knew it Friday night.
How the hell had they gone from fixing a damn truck to
talking about her non-existent sex life?
Davis
And since were on the subject,
 he interrupted. It might
be time for you to jump on that horse again.
And you think Ricks a horse that I need to ride?
Davis cleared his throat and shoved his hands into the front
pockets of his grey coveralls. II think that maybe this is a
conversation we should have some other time.
What? Charlie snapped, in the mood to argue. Hell, she was
chomping at the bit to tell Davis off. Since when did he think he
had a right to comment on her private shit? He was her
employee. Right here, right now, in this garage that belonged to
her, he was her employee not her friend.
No way, Davis. You started this so lets finish it.
Maybe we should finish this conversation when the person
who may or may not be the subject of our conversation isnt you
know, standing over there.
Charlie reached for the carburetor. Screw it. She needed to let
off steam in the worst way. Who cared if Davis had a concussion?
Wait. What?
A polite cough sounded and mouth tight, she stared at her
mechanic. If looks could kill, Davis would be dead. Hed be a big
lump on the cold concrete floor with his greasy hands and dirty
coveralls and three days worth of stubble. Hed be deader than
dead. Hed be
She heard someone scrape boots along concreteone guess
as to who that was. Charlie straightened her shoulders and
glanced over to the door that connected the shop part of her
business to the storefront.
A man stood there. A tall man with shoulders to die for and
thick dark hair that peeked from beneath his black knit beanie. A
man with wicked eyes and a killer smile that told her hed heard
most of a conversation that he had no right to hear.
I knocked but A slow grin spread across his face and
dammit if her heart didnt speed up (just a little), and she knew
that her cheeks were a bright pink.
Okay, his smile might be killer but it did nothing to improve
Charlies mood. Scowling, she tossed the carburetor back onto
the bench not caring if shed just screwed up all the work that
shed done.
What the hell do you want? she asked rudely.
I wanted to chat about the Shelby.
You said youd call.
He paused. I was going to but then decided that I wanted to
see you again.
His eyes flashed.
Her stomach clenched.
Who the hell are you exactly? she asked suddenly.
His smile faded a bit, but the gleam in his eyes sharpened.
And why are you hanging around all of a sudden? Did she
sound like a bitch? She sure as hell did. Did she care? Not really
because for whatever reason, Charlie felt as if she needed to put
some distance between herself and this man. And if scaring him
off with her attitude did the trick than so be it.
The names Rick,
 he answered, that grin back in place.
Does Rick have a last name?
Davis snorted but they both ignored him.
He does.
And?
Its privileged information.
Im not surprised. A heartbeat passed as the two of them
stared at each other.
Take me to this dance on Saturday night.
I dont go out with men I barely know.
Charlie didnt think it was possible for his grin to be any more
devastating. But oh shit, there it was. More devastating. More
sexy. Justwow. She was irritated. Pissed. Excited. (And she
couldnt lie, just a little bit worked up).
Ill pick you up eight.
God, he was sure of himself.
Ill text you the address,
 Davis interjected.
Hello. She was standing right there.
Good,
 Rick said, pulling his hat down and hunching his
shoulders as he prepared to step back out into the cold. His eyes
nailed Charlies and damn, there went her pulse again. Ill see
you Saturday night and well continue our conversation.
He disappeared and Charlie stood there for a good long while,
staring at the empty space where hed been. What the hell had
just happened?
I cant go,
 she whispered.
Ive got Connor,
 Davis said carefully, wiping his hands on a
dirty rag and reaching back under the hood. And you know that
hes good with me. It will do him good to have someone other
than you for company for a change. A pause. No offense.
None taken,
 she replied dryly.
Good. Its settled.
But
And dammit Charlie, make sure you go out and buy
something new to wear. You sure as hell cant go to this dance
wearing jeans and flannel. We might be small town New
England, but we do have standards. At least for Valentines
Day.
But
No buts. Ava will help you get it sorted out. I know for a fact
shes going to the party.
But Ava Charlie winced. She loved her girlfriend to the
moon and back, but the girl didnt own a dress past mid thigh
and she sure as hell had no flannel in her closet.
Shit,
 she muttered to herself.
Davis laughed. Indeed.
M
5
averick settled into a routine. Get up. Work out. Eat. Work
out. Pace the floor. Try to write some music. Work out some
more. Thank God for Netflix or he would have gone crazy, though
watching several seasons of Sons of Anarchy didnt do much for
his mental state.
He couldnt focus and by Friday his mood was black. Was he
ever going to be able to write again? Crumpling up the sheet of
lyrics near his keyboard, he tossed them into the garbage where
they joined all the others and settled back in his chair. Hands
behind his head, he swore and leaned back.
Outside the wind moaned and darkness was setting in. Theyd
had a good amount of snowfall all week and hed briefly
considered taking the sled out for a spin, but had never gotten
past considering. He was restless and feeling uneasy in his skin.
He was used to spending days and weeks on his own. Its
when he usually did his best work. Hell, he liked his own
company. So what was wrong with him?
He groaned and slammed his eyes shut.
Damn. Wrong thing to do.
A vision of dark red hair, creamy skin and mesmerizing eyes
flashed in front of him. He shifted in his seat, uncomfortable.
Great. All he had to do was conjure a mental image of Charlie and
his dick sprang to life, aching with a need that he was going to
have to take care of himself. What the hell? He barely knew the
woman.
He shifted again and swore, eyes wide open as he glared into
the darkness outside. How long had it been since hed had sex? A
few months by his calculation, which wasnt that unusual for a
guy who was aloneat least a guy who was way past sleeping
with a woman just for sex. But when was the last time hed had
great, invigorating, fulfilling sex? That was the real question.
The last few times hed been with Elle hed only gone through
the motions. Sure hed had a physical release but the emotional
connection was long gone. And Maverick was getting too old to
be satisfied with just a sexual release.
He wanted more.
Startled, he sat up in his chair and rolled his hands over the
mess of hair on top of his head. Already, the unruly waves were
falling over his ears and he shoved a hunk of it off his forehead,
staring at his guitar intently.
He wanted more.
His best friend Donovan was due to have her first baby with
Jack. His cousin Beau had just announced to the world that he
and his new wife Billie Jo were expecting. Christ, even Tucker
had found someone after the tragedy of his first marriage and
Maverick wouldnt be surprised if they were working on starting
a family.
Everyone was moving on and Maverick was justhe was just
standing still.
Was that it? Is that why his mojo had fled?
Jumping up from the chair, he crossed over to the window and
leaned his forehead against the cool glass. The wind was picking
up and snow flew everywhere. He was restless and cagey. He
glanced down at the bulge between his legs and grimaced. He
was also horny as hell.
His laptop chimed and he blew out a hot breath, glancing over
to the table near his keyboard. It was Skype and he knew it was
most likely Donovan, since hed already chatted with his
mother. He considered not answeringhis mood was that foul
but with a sigh, Maverick pushed away from the window.
Fuck it, he thought, striding over and settling in front of the
damn thing. Its not like Donovan would give up anyway.
Hey,
 he said, attempting a grin when he saw her staring
back at him.
You look like shit.
Trust Donnie to cut to the chase.
He shrugged. Its not like I need to shave for anyone. Her
face was rounder, her eyes as expressive as ever and Maverick
felt a bit of his blackness lift. God, he missed her.
Shaving isnt the issue, Rick.
No, I guess its not.
She pursed her lips. Im worried about you. Why dont you
come here and stay with Jack and me? I could use the distraction.
Trust me, this baby is making your cousin crazy.
He leaned his elbows on the table just as another wave of
snow hit the window.
What the hell was that? Donovan asked with a frown.
Sounds like youre in the middle of a storm.
Its been like this for days, but its normal for around here.
And where is here, exactly?
I told you. Im at Coopers place.
Yes but I dont know where Coopers place is, other than
somewhere cold and stormy. Is it snowing?
Could be.
She stared at him intently. Why are you two being so
secretive anyway?
Were not being secretive.
Youre full of it.
He couldnt argue with her on that one, so he didnt try. I
just needed to be in a place where no one knows me. Sometimes
the Simon name makes it hard to just disappear.
Whatever. I dont care.
He could tell by the tilt of her head and the way she tapped
her fingers along the tabletop that she did. But Coopers retreat
wasnt his secret to give up. Even their mother didnt know
about the houseGod love her, but the woman couldnt keep a
secret. As far as Maverick knew, the only other person who knew
about Fishermans Landing was Donovans husband Jack. And
that guy would go to the mat for anyone.
Have you written anything? she asked with a scowl.
Maverick glanced over to his Gibson Les Paul. The sunburst
guitar had been silent since hed arrived.
Nope.
Well thats not good, considering your job is to write hit
songs and score music.
Maverick had nothing. Donovan was right.
She leaned close to her monitor and pushed back a long rope
of blond hair. Her eyes nailed Maverick with a no-nonsense
expression. Youre too tense. Too preoccupied. You need to get
laid.
Jesus Christ, Donnie. Is that your answer for everything?
A smile crept over her features. Well, its not an answer for
everything of course, but honey, youre strung tighter than a yoyo.
Getting laid cant hurt. Theres gotta be someone there that
can help you out.
Maverick leaned back in his chair. She was fishing for
information.
Maybe there is,
 he said without thinking.
An eyebrow shot up and Donovans grin widened even more.
Details please,
 she demanded.
He should have kept his damn mouth shut. He considered the
situation and then thought, what the hell. Maybe Donnie would
have some kind of perspective that he didnt.
I met someone and shes got me intrigued.
And?
Her names Charlie and shes a mechanic.
Donovan giggled and Maverick couldnt help but smile. It was
nice to hear.
A mechanic,
 she repeated.
He nodded. Yep.
Donovans eyes softened. I think a mechanic sounds sexy.
What else you got?
We just met, so not much.
Donnie snorted. Oh come on, Maverick. You gotta give me
something more than that. Ive got nothing but time on my
hands until the baby comes.
He thought for a second. Shes prickly as hell. Kind of rude.
Shes opinionated and doesnt hold back, and Im not all that
sure she likes me much.
Please. I dont know any woman who could resist your smile.
Youre the devil and you know it. Thats like crack to women.
Donovan paused, eyes thoughtful. I gotta say though, she
doesnt sound like your usual type.
Yeah. I know. But shes got something. Her laugh is Okay
now he sounded like a goofball. Maverick cleared his throat and
sat up straighter. Doesnt matter anyway. Its not like Im
sticking around this place for long. I probably shouldnt be
getting involved with anyone.
Jesus, Rick. You dont have to marry the girl. Tell me the
truth. Is she into you?
Hell if he knew.
Is that it? Donnie said with a grin. Shes not falling all
over herself to get into the pants of the very hot and very
notorious Maverick Simon?
She doesnt know who I am, remember?
Oh, right. Donovan paused, her brow furrowed. So what
did you tell her?
That my name is Rick.
And thats it.
Yeah.
Huh.
Okay. It sounded lame even to Maverick. He felt like a foolish,
horny, teenager. Games werent his thing and he was starting to
think that Saturday night was a bad idea.
Sweetie, I know youre not going to like to hear this, but it
sounds to me as if things could get complicated. I mean, youre
lying to this woman about who you are. Its not right, Maverick.
Youre the one who just told me to go out and get laid. And
for the record, I havent lied. I just havent offered up anything
of a personal nature. Im here to disappear, Donnie. Thats it.
Well you cant disappear if youre fooling around with
someone. Donovan glanced over her shoulder and nodded to
someone before leaning in close. Are you going to see her
again?
Grudgingly, Maverick nodded. Im supposed to go to a
function with her tomorrow night.
Then you need to be upfront with her and if blowing your
cover is more important then being honest with this woman,
maybe you should back off.
Its not just about me. Cooper
He groaned. How the hell had he already gotten himself in the
middle of a mess? If people know who I am, then it wont take
long for them to figure out that the guy who owns this place is
Cooper. Hes not ready for that and I promised him that I would
keep his identity quiet.
Then you have no choice.
Mood once again black, Maverick stared at his friend. What
exactly was he hoping would happen with Charlie? Did he just
want a night of diversion? A night out so that he didnt dwell on
the sad state of his personal life? Or was he looking for a night of
hot sex with a woman he found attractive?
Charlie had a kid brother that she was responsible for. She
sure as hell didnt need someone like Maverick complicating an
already complicated life. Especially when he was only here for a
few weeks.
So what are you going to do? Donovan asked.
Guess Ill find something else to do Saturday night,
 he said
tightly.
Damn, but he hated when Donovan was right.
C
6
harlie was an idiot.
There was no other explanation, or at least none that hit the
nail on the head quite like that one word. Idiot. Had she really
thought that Saturday night with the guy-with-no-last-name
was what she needed? That in fact it might be kind of fun? That
maybe the guy-with-no-last-name actually was interested in
her?
Damn right she had.
Why else would she have let Ava drag her off to the city for a
morning of shopping and an afternoon of pampering? Because of
Ava, Charlie had dropped more cash than she should have on
black leather leggings, new boots that were about as far away as
you could get from her comfy Docs, and a slinky, sleeveless
not to mention nearly backlesstop.
Because of Ava she had ret hot toenails and matching fingers.
Sure the nail technician had sighed heavily when shed seen the
state of Charlies hands, but still, they didnt look bad.
Because of Ava shed been waxed in places that made her
blush. Her. Charlie Samuels. Bare down there (Who knew that
Ava could be so damn pushy?).
Shed let Ava do her makeup and hair. Shed allowed herself
to get excited at the thought of seeing the mysterious and hot
Rick. Hell, shed even admitted to herself that not only did she
look damn good but the whole, bare down there, thing wasnt as
bad as she thought it was going to be. In fact she felt sexy and
desirable and that was something she hadnt felt in ages.
Shed gotten her hopes up and then shed crashed and
burned.
Rick hadnt shown and when shed finally dug out her cell
phone from beneath a pile of adverts and flyers on the table in
the hall, shed found messages and missed calls from Davis and
Rickmessages that she would have gotten so much sooner if
she hadnt forgotten her phone at home.
Rick had called her cell and then sent her a text at noon,
apologizing for the late notice but something had come up and
he couldnt make it (Obviously hed gotten her cell phone
number from Davis).
Davis messaged just after, pissed on her behalf. Hed told her
that he was keeping Connor overnight regardless of the fact that
Rick had cancelled, and to go out and have fun anyway. She
deserved a night out. Hed also sent a second message
threatening to kick her ass if she didnt at least go to the dance
with Ava and her date.
So here she was, standing near the bar at the Valentines
dance, watching Ava get up close and personal with Seth Rogers,
while the glaciers reflected in Charlies eyes kept any man who
looked her way at bay.
Happy Freaking Valentines Day.
This stuff shouldnt bother her. Not with the thick skin shed
grown into over the last few years.
Except that it did. She felt like a fool and worse than that,
there was a stupid lump in her throat that wouldnt go away. Her
eyes fell back to Ava as the band slowed things down with a
ballad. Seth was a good guy and from what Charlie could see, the
just friends thing wasnt exactly working out tonight. They
looked like a couple and she felt like a perv watching Ava melt
into Seths body as if she was meant to be there.
Shit,
 Charlie muttered, setting her glass on the bar. It was
half full, but then she wasnt in the mood to drink.
Wow, looking good, Samuels.
Charlie glanced over as Jackie Byers sidled up to the bar and
ordered a cocktail. The perky brunette was a few years older than
Charlie and had just given birth to her third child. A townie like
Charlie, she and her husband owned the local bowling alley and
pizza joint.
Me? Charlie said with a small smile. You look amazing.
Hows the baby?
Jackie grinned. Hes wonderful. Such a good boy, you know?
And after two girls, David is over the freaking moon.
Where is David? Charlie asked, trying to be polite. She so
wasnt in the mood for small talk.
He had a last minute delivery out of town, but hell be here.
We dont often get a night out and I promised him Id make it
worth his while. She winked and giggled as the bartender
handed her a Cosmo.
What about you? Jackie asked, taking a sip, eyes moving
over Charlie from top to bottom. Who are you here with?
No one.
Thats too bad because you look hot. She swirled her drink
around in the frosted glass, eyes questioning. Should have
known the gossip mill was wrong. She laughed. Again.
Charlie stood a little straighter. What do you mean? Heart
suddenly pounding, she reached for her glass, though she didnt
bring it to her lips.
David had to make a pizza run out to the old McLaren place
and I thoughtor Id heard that you and the new guy were like,
an item. I just assumedwell obviously youre not there so I
assumed wrong.
Charlies eyes narrowed, her grip tight on the glass. She
didnt say a thing. Hell, it would have been impossible because
that damn knot in her throat was suddenly so big she thought
she was going to choke. Heat shot up from her neck and she
pushed back the long strands of hair that fell over her shoulders.
And dammit, were those tears stinging the corners of her
eyes? Exhaling a deep breath, her gaze swept the dance floor.
Wrong thing to do. Ava and Seth were slow grinding among at
least thirty other couples doing the exact same thing.
Suddenly finding it hard to breathe, Charlie slammed her
glass back on the bar. Have a good one, Jackie,
 she managed to
say without sounding too much like an idiot.
I will, but Charlie
Whatever Jackie was going to say was drowned out by the
roaring in her ears. Charlie marched over to the coat check and
scooped up her worn, leather jacket. Hot and pissed off, she
didnt bother throwing it over her shoulders.
Her ex, Jeremy, walked into the place with Emily just as
Charlie was headed to the exitand Charlie had stupidly
thought this night couldnt get any worse.
Hey,
 Jeremy said, looking more than a little surprised to
see her.
Screw you, Charlie thought. She would have walked past them
without a word except Emily Bryan had other ideas. The blonde
was poured into a fire-engine red dress and looked like a tall
drink of water, even with a small baby bump that was easily
visible.
Charlotte. I hope things will be okay between us? Emilys
pouty mouth was shiny as she spoke. I mean, its a small town
and I dont want there to be any hard feelings. Im sure youve
heard that Jeremy and I are expecting.
Charlie paused long enough to get her shit together. No way
was she going to cause a sceneEmily would like that way too
much. And even though the lump was gone, replaced with a
burning anger that had her blood boiling, Charlie managed to
keep a lid on her temper.
Davis would have been proud.
She tossed her head and squared her shoulders, aware that a
few people were eavesdropping. Aware that Jeremy was looking
at her in a way hed not done in years. She knew she looked
fierce and for the first time in a long time, she felt powerful. She
was driving the carshe wasnt just the passenger along for a
ride.
I have no feelings when it comes to you Emily. My
sympathies are with your husband and the two little girls you
share. And no, its not because youre not with him anymore. I
know not everyone is meant to stay together, so theres no
judging. But what you did to him, screwing around, getting
pregnant with another mans baby, thats just plain wrong. You
didnt have enough respect for your marriage to at least deal
with your shit before sleeping with my boyfriend. You didnt
have enough respect for your marriage to be honest. I feel bad
that those little girls have a shitty role model for a mother.
Someone behind her gasped, but Charlie didnt care. Her eyes
narrowed onto Jeremy.
You bitch,
 Emily said tightly.
Charlotte,
 Jeremy said roughly, extricating himself from
Emily and taking a step toward her.
Dont call me Charlotte. Actually dont call me anything.
Wow, bitter much? Emily said, grabbing onto Jeremys arm.
Why dont you just admit that youre angry Jeremys with me
and not you?
Charlie had to count to three, because really, even she
wouldnt hit a pregnant woman.
Let me be real clear so that there are no misunderstandings.
I have no desire to get friendly because I dont like either one of
you all that much. Jeremy and I have a past and some of it was
good but a lot of it was crap. I dont think I realized how much of
it was crap until this very moment. And you know what? Im
done with crap. She slid past them, tossed her jacket over her
shoulders. Im done here.
Charlie strode out into the cold winter air and headed straight
for her truck. Tossing her purse and jacket inside, she fired up
the engine and let it warm up. Leaning back into the worn
leather seat, she began to shiver, teeth rattling against each
other like hollow bones.
The radio came to life, a sultry Chris Isaak song, and as the
haunting strains of Wicked Game filled her truck, she squeezed
her eyes shut. Outside, the wind howled and her chest tightened
with each blast. It was early, barely ten. She didnt want to go
home. She didnt want to stay at this dance. Heck, she didnt
know what she wanted.
Or did she?
A damn tear slid down her facein spite of her angerand
her eyes flew open, hands now gripping the steering wheel.
Shed been good inside. Hadnt caused a scene. Not really. She
hadnt said anything that wasnt true.
She exhaled and glanced into the rear-view mirror. Pale blue
eyes stared back at her, wild auburn hair falling into them.
She was done waiting for something good to happen. Done
being a person she didnt recognize anymore. Reliable and hard
working were admirable qualities for any person, but when had
dull and boring become Charlies thing? She needed to be the
person shed been before her world had imploded. When the hell
had she stopped being a fighter?
Charlie slammed the truck into reverse and skidded out of the
parking lot. As she headed out of town toward the McLaren
place, she finally found the focus that had eluded her all
evening. She was done being good, done taking crap, and if she
didnt tell someone off she was going to explode.
So, Rick-whoever-the-hell-he-was thought he could blow
her off with some sad excuse that was obviously a lie? Without
consequence? No way.
No way in hell.
M
7
averick had just finished a slice of pizza when someone
pounded on the door to the shop. What the hell? Hed been
trying to get some work accomplished, but truthfully hed done
more drinking than writing.
He was the typical country song clich.
He glanced at his watch and frowned, noting that it was
nearly ten-thirty. It was a Saturday night. He was out in the
middle of nowhere. No one knew him. So who would be knocking
at his door?
Setting down his beer, he rose from the leather sofa, careful
not to knock his Gibson onto the floor. Sheets of music were
scattered everywhere, along with more than a few empty beer
bottles and a half a slab of pizza left in the box.
He had a bit of a buzz going on, was bare foot and dressed in
an old faded pair of Nike track pants and nothing else. He hadnt
shaved in days but then again, its not as if hed expected
company.
The pounding intensified and he thought he heard a voice but
it was hard to tell with the howling wind. He strode to the door,
swearing when he nearly tripped over a couple of cables on the
floor, and yanked it open.
Any words he had stalled at the back of his mouth because
surprise stole them away. Long strands of dark auburn hair
snaked into the wind and the pale eyes that he hadnt been able
to get out of his mind stared up at him.
The rest of her came to him slowly, like fine wine that you
sipped and savored and enjoyed. And man, he was enjoying the
view.
He saw creamy shoulders that were toned but delicate, shown
off to perfection in a slinky black top that clung to round, firm
breasts. Round, firm breasts that heaved as she dragged in a gulp
of air. Jesus, were they gonna fall out?
His eyes slid lower, falling onto black leather pants that fit
her hips like a second glove andholy hellthe kind of comefuck-me-boots
that would make any man weak at the knees.
A gust of wind hit his bare chest and he shivered. Christ, she
must be freezing.
Are you listening to me?
Charlies voice finally penetrated the fog in his brain and
Maverick took a step back, but as it turned out, it wasnt far
enough.
Two hands nailed him in the chestmore like cannonshard
enough to rock him back onto his heels and Mavericks head
snapped up.
What the hell? he said, watching her warily as she stalked
into the room, eyes blazing and that mouth-watering chest still
heaving.
I dont know what kind of women youre used to dealing
with, Rick whoever-the-hell-you-are, but Im can promise you
one thingIm not like any of them.
I can see that.
She seemed surprised that hed answered, and liking the fact
that hed thrown her off her game a bit, Maverick smiled (When
in doubt revert to charm is what his mama always taught him).
Wanna beer?
Lips pursed tightly, she walked past him and scooped up a
Bud from the table beside the sofa. She twisted off the top and
tossed it onto the pizza box before taking a good long drink. It
was long enough for him to get a glimpse of the soft skin at her
neck and he couldnt lie, the sight of her throat muscles and that
mouth wrapped around the beer bottle was totally hot.
It was long enough for him to catch her scent, sultry vanilla
and something else.
It was also long enough for his eyes to travel down and touch
on a shapely, round ass made for a mans hand. Christ, but the
woman could fill out a pair of pants, and the boots
He groaned silently, running his hands through the hair at his
nape, and felt something electric shoot through him when he
looked back up and met those pale, stormy eyes. Oh yeah. He
hadnt been wrong. There was definitely something between the
two of them. Something hot and electric and in that moment, he
knew that it was something they were going to explore.
Right or wrong didnt seem to matter. In fact the more wrong
it seemed, the more alive it made him feel. Christ, was it hot in
here?
He shoved his hands into the side pockets of his Nikes,
because shit, he didnt know what to do with them. And truth be
told he was starting to get hard. Like a damn teenager, he was
horny as fuck just watching this woman. He hadnt reacted to a
female this way since hed been sixteen and had snuck into the
pool house with Amanda Leery. Shed taken off her bikini top
and hed nearly exploded in his shorts.
But seventeen-year-old Amanda Leery had nothing on
Charlie Samuels. He swallowed hard. Nothing.
Charlie did a slow perusal, her gaze running the length of
him, stopping briefly on his bare chest and stomach, before
dipping lower, and Maverick couldnt be certain that his growing
erection was hidden.
Arent you cold? she asked, though it wasnt really a
question because she gave him no time to answer. Never mind.
I dont care.
But she did care about something. He saw that she was upset
and hed have to be a moron not to know why.
Im sorry,
 he said quietly. About tonight.
Her eyes widened a bit and her nostrils flared as she took
another long pull from her beer. She licked her lips and set the
bottle on the table beside the sofa, glancing at the mess of
papers. For several moments there was nothing, only the sounds
of her quick breaths and the blood roaring in his ears.
When she turned back to him, her eyes had darkened to a
slate grey/blue and her hands were fisted.
Are you alone? she asked.
Excuse me?
Alone,
 she said as if he was an idiot. Or is there some
woman here that I cant see.
Surprised, Maverick shook his head. No. Just me.
Great. This would have been so much better if there was at
least someone here with you. She glanced back toward the sofa.
But no. It seems that you blew me off for a night of pizza and
beer.
Charlie, thats not what this is about. Trust me, I didnt want
to blow you off. I didnt Shit, how was he going to explain?
He thought hed been doing the right thing when obviously it
had exploded in his face.
I dont want to hear your excuses. Her eyes flashed and she
took two steps toward him. You owe me four hundred and
thirty-nine bucks.
A shot of adrenaline rushed through him and damn, but his
dick was stirring something fierce. Four hundred and thirtynine
bucks,
 he repeated slowly.
Yep. She took another step forward and if he wanted to he
could have reached out and touched her. Could have run his
fingers across that pale skin, over her delicate collarbone and up
to where her pulse beat at her neck.
And to say that he was dying to do just that would be an
understatement.
You and Davis coerced me into this date and Ava dragged me
out shopping. She ran her hands over her hips and the dip in
her top exposed more creamy skin than he was ready for. This
outfit cost a lot of money that I shouldnt have spent considering
you blew me off for pizza and beer.
Her eyes blazed and damn but that tongue darted out,
touching on wet, shiny lips. Maverick leaned closer to her, his
body tight, his mind going places that he had no right to go.
I said I was sorry.
You owe me,
 Charlie replied, not backing down.
His gaze dropped to her neck once more. Her pulse had
increased and he knew she was just as affected as he was by their
close proximity.
I owe you,
 he repeated.
She thumped him in the chest. You. Owe. Me.
Four hundred and thirty-nine dollars,
 he replied, his voice
low.
Thats just to start. I should charge you interest by the
hour.
His eyebrow shot up. Interest? Youre getting greedy.
Sue me.
So weve got a problem.
You bet your ass we do.
This had to be the hottest foreplay ever. He slid his hands
from his pockets, blood boiling when her eyes rested on the
growing bulge between his legs. No way could the thin material
hide that thing, so he didnt try.
Well what are we going to do about that?
You tell me,
 she shot back, breath catching in a way that
made his gut tighten even more.
The devil in Maverick was telling him to scoop her up into his
arms and bend her over the leather sofa. That guy was hard to
ignore. She wanted him. He knew this. But, Maverick wasnt that
guy. At least not when it came to someone like Charlie. She
deserved the truth.
Look, Charlie. I gotta be upfront with you.
Oh how refreshing. The sarcasm was heavy, but it came
with a sultry look that made his mouth go dry.
I want you,
 he said carefully, searching for the right words.
I know.
But He sighed. For a guy used to writing words and
feelings into songs, he was falling short tonight.
I dont like playing games, Rick, so spit it out. She licked
her lips. Damn, but he wished she would stop that.
I dont think its a good idea for us to get involved and thats
why I blew off tonight.
And why would you think that?
Im just passing through, Charlie. Im here for a few weeks,
maybe a month, and then Im gone.
And? She inched closer and that sweet vanilla scent rolled
over him. God, she smelled good. You think that Im going to
fall in love with you? Is that it?
For a few moments he had nothing. Shit, he hadnt expected
the L word to be thrown out. Hell, he hadnt even considered
that one.
No, I justit could get complicated.
Hows that?
She was right thereso close to him that all he had to do was
bend down a few inches and take the mouth that she was
offering.
I guess I dont want you to think that there might be
something more to this than Jesus. H. Christ. But it was hot
in here.
Then just sex?
Her voice was low and throaty, conjuring images of naked
flesh, smoke and mirrors. Maverick Simon couldnt remember
the last time hed been this worked up over a woman.
You dont know anything about me,
 he managed to say.
Sweat broke out over his body, covering his bare torso in a damp
sheen. He was hot and cold which only heightened his senses.
Have you ever been in jail?
No.
Are you a serial killer?
No.
Then were good. She took a step back and he exhaled
slowly, watching her warily. Her chest rose and fell, her mouth
was slightly open and he could see her pink tongue. He was
weakening.
That tongue darted out, swiping over her bottom lip as her
gaze travelled down his body once more, stopping at the now
massive erection he sported.
You see, Rick.
God the way she said his name.
You dont have to worry about me falling in love, because
thats not something I do. In one movement she had her top off
and tossed onto the floor. I dont care about you leaving town
because honestly, no one ever stays anyway.
He tore his eyes from the lacy bra that barely covered her
breasts and searched her face. He should end this right now.
Donovan was right. And yet
I came out here because I was pissed off and I had no
intention of having sex with you, but I gotta say, Rick. Again,
the way she rolled her Rs made him crazy. You look damn good
without a shirt and its been way too long since Ive had anything
close to good, hot sex.
She bent overtotal stripper moveand Maverick clenched
his jaw together so tight that his teeth ached. She unzipped her
boots and stepped out of them, her fingers trailing up her legs as
she straightened and then slid them beneath the waistband of
her pants. She was killing him. Plain and simple.
What do you say, Rick? she asked, that pink tongue peeking
out from between her lips. You up to the job?
Maverick should have walked away because nothing about
this situation was light or easy or casual. He stepped forward and
stared down into those amazing eyes, noting the sweat that
beaded her top lip, and the heated scent of her in the air. She
was as hot and as aroused as he was.
This was going to get complicated. He could tell.
Dont do it.
But the thing about that inner voiceespecially the one that
warned you against something you really wantedit was too
damn easy to ignore.
With a groan, Maverick lowered his mouth, hands diving into
all that thick, silky hair. He slid his mouth over Charlies and
promptly forgot about everything except the woman in his arms.
C
8
harlie jumped the rails about five seconds after walking into
this building. All that shit shed just spewed meant nothing. She
couldnt even process what Rick had said or what shed said in
return. All she knew for sure was that shed come out here to
fight, but somewhere between the banter, the angerand all
that totally male and totally ripped bodysomething had
happened to her.
Her lady parts had roared to life.
And those lady parts had pretty much taken over all conscious
thought.
Rick tasted amazing and he felt even better. He was warm and
hot and so hard, that Charlie squeezed her thighs together in an
effort to assuage the throb, a whimper falling from her because
it only made her hyper-aware and even more aroused.
His mouth slid across hers, his hands sank into her hair and
she melted into Rick like butter on a hot summer day. He held
her gently and kissed her like shed never been kissed before.
His lips were firm and hungry and so damn skilled that she sank
against him.
His tongue slid over her mouth, licking her playfully.
Methodically. Thoroughly. All the while his fingers massaged her
scalp and his hips burned into hers.
His erection pressed into her waist and Charlie whimpered,
trying to get closer to him. Her breasts, barely covered by the
silky bra Ava had made her buy (thank you Ava) swelled against
his chest, their tips aching to be touched.
She opened her mouth and let him inside once more, and slid
her arms up to his shouldersnot just to feel the strength that
was therebut because she was afraid shed fall on her ass if she
didnt.
The kiss went on and on. And on. Hot mouths. Surging
tongues. Skin on skin. Good Lord but this man could kiss.
When Rick finally came up for air, he was breathing heavily,
his eyes dark and half lidded.
Are you sure you want to do this? he asked roughly. His
hand slid along her jaw and he nipped at the corner of her
mouth. The stubble on his chin was rough, but as he scraped his
face against hers, she shivered at the sensation. Because I gotta
tell ya, Charlie. Im close to that fucking line.
She licked his mouth and slid her lips across his, wanting
more. What line is that? she asked in a voice she barely
recognized.
The line of no return.
She tilted her head back, still clinging to him, and pressed her
breasts against his hot skin. She wanted him to know that she
meant business, because there was no way in hell she was
turning back now.
Why is my bra still on? she asked.
With a groan, his hands moved down her back, his practiced
fingers divesting her of the skimpy garment in less time than it
took to put the damn thing on. His hot breath rolled over her
pebbled nipples as he arched her back.
Youre so goddamn hot,
 he murmured, his eyes as dark as
liquid chocolate. She watched his large hand cup one of her
breasts and she held her breath when he ran his thumb over the
pebbled nipple.
Jesus,
 she whispered, as electric shots of pleasure shot
through her. The throbbing between her legs intensified and she
knew that she was wet. She whimpered, unable to keep it in.
You like that?
Rick didnt give her a chance to answer. He bent toward the
other breast and enclosed her nipple in his hot, wet, mouth.
Charlies hands crept into the thick hair on his head and she
held him there, rocking into him as he continued to lick and suck
at her breasts.
How long did the two of them stand there, half naked and
horny as hell? Charlie had no clue, but suddenly, his mouth left
her breasts and he grabbed her ass, pulling her up, hoisting her
so that she could wrap her legs around his waist. He buried his
face against her once more, his hot mouth spreading shivers of
desire along her skin.
Licking, caressing, and suckling at her nipples until she
thought she was going to go crazy.
Oh God,
 she said hoarsely. His eyes were wicked as he
looked up at her, his tongue darting out one last time, circling
her nipple until it was wet. He blew on her, his smile widening at
the groan that fell from her mouth.
Charlie took a moment to appreciate just how hot this man
was. Her fingers fell from his hair and trailed along his shoulders
and biceps until she splayed her hands against his chest. He was
beautiful, and there was still so much more for her to see.
You work out,
 she breathed against him.
Thats about all Ive done since Ive been here. His voice
was low and raspy. She liked it.
She stared into his eyes for several long moments, loving how
his hands felt against her butt, how he slowly moved against her.
Tongue between her lips, she smoothed her fingers over his firm
chest and then up to cup her breasts.
Slowly she circled her nipples, smiling when he swore.
Youre killing me,
 Rick growled, moving suddenly and
striding over to a table in the corner of the room. He set her
there, his hands on her pants, his body between her legs. Get
your ass up now,
 he ordered and she leaned on her palms so
that her hips were in the air. Rick peeled her pants down and
tossed them, his dark eyes on the black lacy thong.
He moved closer and she leaned back, hot and anxious.
Oh my God, am I going to let him.
His hands were on her thighs, coaxing her legs wider.
Damn, but she was going to let him.
He moved her panties to the side, sucking in air through his
teeth as he slowly exposed her. For one second Charlie panicked.
Her leg muscles tightened and she would have closed them if she
could.
Easy, darlin
,
 Rick murmured. Easy. He looked into her
eyes, a wicked, sexy grin on his face as two long fingers slid
inside her body.
Charlie whimpered and his smile deepened. You feel so
good. So hot and wet. He leaned forward and reached for a kiss,
his mouth sliding over hers as his fingers slowly rubbed her
clitoris.
She couldnt help it. Her hips began to move in tandem with
his fingers. It felt so good. So, so, good. Charlies head fell back
and she didnt think about the fact that she was sitting on top of
a table, completely naked with a man she barely knew.
She didnt think about the fact that her legs were spread wide
and that his fingers were inside her. Or that she was so wet and
swollen. She didnt think about
Jesus, Rick,
 she cried when his mouth closed over her. He
was on his knees, his head buried between her legs. He lifted her
closer to the edge of the table, the stubble on his chin sending
delicious sensations rolling over her inner thighs. His tongue
was relentless, his fingers just as sure, and she felt the pleasure
coil deep inside her as he licked and sucked and teased her until
her hips were gyrating off the table.
I want you to come for me,
 he murmured against her,
trailing kisses along her bare skin. I want to taste you when you
come.
He thrust into her with his tongue and she was already
breaking apart. Charlie came hard, bucking into him as he held
her still.
And he held her for several moments, while her body
throbbed with the aftershocks of her orgasm. Breathing heavily,
she pushed a long chunk of hair out of her face and looked down
into his eyes.
Had she ever seen a man with such long dark lashes? Or a
mouth that sexy? Was this just orgasm afterglow, or did Rick
really look this incredible?
His neck strained and she didnt have to look down to know
his erection was full-on ready to go.
She licked her lips. Screw it. She was going all in.
Ive got condoms in my purse. She pointed to the sofa.
Cool air rushed over her heated skin when he left and strode
over to the sofa. He made quick work of her purse and dropped
his track pants in even less time. His backside was amazing
muscular and hard. The man had an ass that would make any
hockey player proud. He rolled on the condom and when he
turned back to her, Charlies mouth went dry.
Shed been with exactly two men in her twenty-five years.
Neither one of them came close to the beauty of the man before
her. There was something wild in him. Something unrestrained
and she felt her body react instantly.
Rick stalked her as if she was his prey. He didnt say a word,
though his eyes nailed her with an intensity that had her stillbuzzing
lady parts again jumping for joy.
She was already leaning back, spreading her legs when he
stepped between them and, with one powerful thrust, was buried
deep inside.
Christ, you feel so fucking good,
 he whispered hoarsely
against her neck. He immediately began to move and their
bodies quickly found a rhythm that was all their own. So damn
good,
 he repeated.
He had no idea how good he felt inside her. He was big and he
stretched her in a way that made her feel complete. Charlie
deepened the kiss, totally abandoning herself to the pleasure
that rolled through her body.
Im sorry, darlin but Im not gonna last long,
 Rick said
roughly, breaking their kiss.
Its okay,
 she managed to say as their tempo increased.
Im almost there.
Her walls tightened and he swore, his hair damp with sweat.
He reached down with one hand, eyes still on her as his fingers
sought out her clitoris.
I cant Charlie threw her head back, knees pulling him in
as close as she could. That hot and hard coil of pleasure was
strung so tight. He was so big. It was all too much.
Rick was breathing heavily, animalistic sounds falling from
him. Look at me,
 he ordered. I want to watch you come.
Charlie grabbed hold of his shoulders, eyes on him as her
body began to convulse. I want to watch you come,
 she said
hoarsely, loving how the muscles in his shoulders bunched and
how dark his eyes had gotten.
He came as hard as she did and there were no more words.
Only bodies straining against each other. Mouths sliding across
skin and hands dug into hair.
When he finally pulled out of her, Charlie felt empty. Cold air
rushed over her, but after he disposed of the used condom, Rick
pulled her into his arms and headed for the sofa. After setting
his guitar aside and tossing the papers on the floor, they
collapsed onto an old throw blanket.
He rolled her up against his body and Charlie relaxed.
She had no regrets. Not one. At least not at that moment,
anyway.
In fact, she was hoping hed be up for round two sooner than
later.
M
9
averick watched Charlie while she slept. Hed been awake for
nearly an hour, his head full of thoughts. It was early and the sun
was just peeking over the horizon, throwing beams of light at the
frosty windows that lit the dark room with a strange glow. It had
to be cold as hell out there, but he didnt care. They were snug in
his bed and the sound of her soft breathing was strangely
mesmerizing.
She was nestled up against him and for the moment, he was
content to hold her, to listen to her breathe, and to stroke her
back lazily, while he closed his eyes and thought of the
incredible night hed just had.
Their sexual chemistry was mind blowing, and really, that
didnt come close to describing it. She responded to his touch in
a way that got his blood boiling. There was no coyness, no
agenda. There was only raw, primal need and it was something
he could see and feel.
Whatever this connection was they shared, it was on a level
hed never experienced before.
Hed had Charlie twice in the outbuilding and at some point
in the early morning, hed brought her back to the house and
theyd christened the foyer as well as his bed. She was generous
he smiledathletic. She was adventurous, she gave just as
good as she got.
He was satiated, lethargic, and pretty happy with the place
that he found himself in and if the feeling only lasted for the
next little while, then so be it.
Hed take it. Hell, hed take this for as long as he could and if
that made him a selfish bastard, then he was a selfish bastard.
He cupped her shoulder and he reached down to kiss her
softly, his mouth moving into the hollow of her neck. His
memory was freshhe knew that she liked it when he did that.
She moved, murmuring something he didnt understand, as
he continued to trail soft kisses along her neck. When he nuzzled
the spot just under her ear, she shuddered and pushed at him.
Oh my god, youre like a machine.
Thanks,
 he said with a smile.
But the thing is She said softly.
He nipped at her earlobe.
I dont think I can do it again.
I have faith in you,
 he responded.
Good to know. Charlie grabbed at his wandering hands,
squirming, and damn, there went his cockfull-on erection
springing up against her soft belly. She glanced down at him.
Youre a horn dog, you know that, right?
He couldnt help but smile. If you say so.
I say so. Her eyes were on his dick and she moved so that
the covers fell away, leaving her bare to him. Her breasts swung
gently, her hair was a mess around her shoulders. With her
gorgeous eyes and their smoky liner smudged from the night
before and her mouth swollen from his, Charlie Samuels looked
hot as sin.
She pushed him onto his back and before he could say a word,
her hot, wet, mouth closed over his cock. With a groan, he
settled back against the pillows and let her have at it. She took
him deep, her tongue and mouth giving such pleasure that in no
time he felt his orgasm building.
Jesus,
 he whispered, hands in her hair as he gently tugged
her away, his body tensinghis release explosive. He was still
adrift in the foggy aftermath of one hell of a morning blowjob
when Charlie swore and slid off the bed.
Oh my God, what the hell time is it? she asked, hair flying
everywhere as she turned in a full circle. Dont you have a
freaking clock in this room?
Maverick glanced down at the mess on the sheets, the foggy
afterglow leaving him like water down the drain.
She grabbed his wrist, yanking his arm a bit as she angled a
look at his watch.
Hey,
 he growled, not liking the abrupt change. Where the
hell was his sex goddess? This woman was all business andhe
glanced up into her stormy eyesshe was pissed off.
Davis is going to have my ass if I dont get home,
 she said,
whirling around. God, hes never going to let me live this
down.
Maverick slid into a sitting position, enjoying the lovely view
of her backside, though he hid a grin when she turned on him.
Where the hell are my clothes? she snapped.
In the shop.
In the The evening replayed in her mind and he knew she
was remembering how hed wrapped her in the throw blanket
and brought her into the house.
Give me a minute,
 Maverick said dryly, getting out of bed.
Ill get them for you.
Never mind,
 Charlie said, voice tight. She grabbed the ugly
green knitted blanket from the floor, slid her feet into his boots
and disappeared before he had a chance to say or do anything.
What the hell?
Maverick made quick work of the bathroom, deciding hed
deal with his sheets in a bit. He was just pulling on his jeans
when he heard the front door slam, followed by boots on the
stairs.
She appeared in his doorway, dressed the way shed appeared
the night before and Mavericks grin was wicked as he took her
in from head to toe. In that outfit, with her wild hair, bruised
mouth and shiny eyes, she looked as if shed been thoroughly
fucked. It gave him a lot of pleasure knowing he was the one
responsible.
Except she didnt seem all that happy to see him.
Or his smile.
My purse? she asked, glancing around the room.
Over there,
 he pointed to the table beside the bed. Theyd
scooped it up the night before because she was the only one with
a supply of condoms. Maverick made a mental note to remedy
that situation next time he was in town.
She grabbed her black bag and rooted around for her keys,
walking toward the door without even glancing his way.
Youre leaving now? he asked, following her out into the
hall and down the stairs.
She didnt answer. Just nodded.
This woman was really going to make him work.
Just so you know, I do count eggs and breakfast among my
many skills.
Im not hungry,
 she replied, reaching for the door. But
thanks. Her back was still to him and annoyed, Maverick strode
toward her, leaning against the wall beside her.
Hey, are we okay? he asked carefully. Shit. He was usually
the one ready to leave the next morning. In fact (and he wasnt
being an asshole or anything), he couldnt remember the last
time a woman had been so eager to leave him.
Her red nails closed around the door handle. Yes, Rick.
Were okay. She glanced up at him, those pale eyes unreadable.
But lets not make last night anything more than what it was.
And it was
We had sex.
Four times.
She tilted her face. He decided not to bring up the fact that
her cheek was chafed from his stubble. He wondered what her
inner thighs looked like.
Yes we had sex four times. Her mouth twitched. The
blowjob was complimentary.
She tugged on the door and inched it open, letting in cold,
fresh air.
I really do make a mean breakfast.
She toed the edge of the door with her boot, closing it enough
to keep the cold air at bay. I have to go. Connor
He moved back. Of course. I get it. And he did, but that
didnt mean he was happy about it. Guess he was a selfish
bastard. Hed been looking forward to spending a lazy morning
with her, sharing hot coffee and scrambled eggs.
Just so you know I came here last night to tell you off.
Charlie met his gaze, eyes unflinching.
Right. You said that.
My plan wasnt to have sex with you.
No sex.
No. Not even once,
 she replied.
So I should consider myself lucky that we managed to do the
deed four times?
Extremely lucky.
Huh. And this morning
I told you, complimentary.
Got it. Maverick paused, suddenly serious. So when am I
going to see you again?
Her eyes slid from his and she leaned her forehead onto the
door. Im not sure that we should.
Thats unacceptable. Maverick inched forward and grasped
her chin, pulling her toward him so that she had to look into his
eyes. Look, that was a stupid move on my part, about the dance.
Im sorry that you think I blew you off because that wasnt my
intention. Ill admit that at first I thought it might be a mistake
to get involved with someone when Im only here for a short
period of time but now
Now?
Id like to get to know you. Surprised at his admission,
Maverick faltered. I want to see you again.
Something flickered in the depths of her eyes. Something
that made him wonder. She extricated herself from his grasp and
opened the door.
Ill think about it.
Youll think about it,
 Maverick repeated, watching her
practically run down the steps toward her beat up Chevy. Red
and orange light lit up the black horizon and he shivered from
the cold. Charlie navigated her way through the high snowdrifts
that had made their way across the driveway the night before
and paused at her truck.
Shit was she just going to leave?
She looked at him, a small smile touching the corners of her
mouth. Yes Rick whoever-the-hell-you-are. Ill think about it
and maybe if youre lucky
Relief rolled over him. You mean extremely lucky.
She snorted at that. Maybe if youre extremely lucky, I might
offer up another round of complimentary sex. She opened the
drivers side door and the hinges creaked. Maybe.
Ill be waiting,
 he replied, unable to keep the grin off his
face as she slid inside her truck and cranked the engine. He stood
there, shivering in the cold, watching until the truck disappeared
down the laneway that led from the estate to the main road.
When he finally closed the door and leaned back against it,
Maverick wasnt sure what to think of this turn of events.
Had he just been blown off? Or was there the promise of a lot
more of what hed had the night before. And if there was (and
lets be real, he was all-in for more of Charlie Samuels), he was
going to have to buck up and come clean about who he was and
what that meant.
Was he willing to possibly blow Coopers cover? If word got
out, was he willing to give up the peace hed found out here?
Would the press hound him? He scowled, thinking back to their
relentless pursuit after the whole Elle thing.
He supposed the real question was, was Charlie Samuels
worth that risk?
C
10
harlie made it back to her house ten minutes before Davis was
supposed to bring Connor home. Eight oclock was when her
brothers favorite cartoon started and he usually spent a lazy
Sunday morning in his plush blue chair with a bowl of dried
Cheerios and a glass of orange juice. Shed cut it way too close.
Charlie rushed upstairs, stripped down to herdamn, must
have left her panties at Ricksand pulled on her old, flannel
pajamas. Her hair was a disaster so she clipped it into a loose
knot on top of her head and shoved her feet into her slippers.
Tossing her clothes into the laundry hamper just inside her
closet, she eyed the bathroom.
She really needed to brush her teeth and was more than a
little afraid to see what she looked like. She took one step toward
the bathroom but then heard a truck in her driveway. Crap. She
literally flew down the stairs and was lucky she didnt fall and
break her neck. Though she stumbled over the last one, lost her
slipper, and stubbed her toe on the edge of the last step. When
Davis opened the door, she was rubbing her big toe and swearing
like a trucker.
Hey now,
 Davis said, following Connor inside. Lets keep
it clean. It is Sunday after all and I dont think the big guy
upstairs would appreciate that kind of language.
Charlie ignored Davis and smiled at her brother. Shark Man
is on in like two minutes, buddy. Lets get off your coat and
boots.
Connor held out his hands and she quickly peeled away his
winter coat, hat and boots and she pointed to the living room.
Ill grab your cereal. With a glance at Davis, she continued,
Can you help him find Shark Man? Pretty sure its on channel
265.
Without waiting, she hurried toward the kitchen, grabbed
Connors favorite bowl and filled it with Cheerios. Next she
rinsed out his Shark Man plastic cup from the dishwasher
shed forgotten to run the damn thing the day beforeand filled
it up with OJ. Once she had Connors stuff together, she returned
to the family room where her brother was already engrossed in
the next adventure of Shark Man. She set his bowl and cup on
the small table beside him and then took a step back.
He was still wearing his Spiderman pajamas and his hair
looked as if it hadnt been brushed. She smiled, her heart
softening, and bent forward to ruffle the top of his head. Connor
jerked at her touch, shaking his head, eyes still on the TV, and
with a sigh, Charlie backed away.
You want coffee? she asked Davis. She wasnt really in the
mood for company because, holy hell, everything shed done the
night before was coming back to her in vivid detail. Everything.
Sweet Jesus, the things shed let Rick do to her.
The things shed done to him.
Complimentary blowjob? Who the hell said that? Especially to
a guy she barely knew on what was pretty much a non-date, first
date. Ugh.
Cheeks burning, she sailed past Davis, not waiting for an
answer and headed straight for the coffee machine. Once shed
scooped out enough coffee grinds for a full pot and filled the
reservoir with water, she grabbed two mugs and set them onto
the table.
What? she said. Davis leaned against the doorframe, his
blue eyes unwavering. Shit. Was that a smirk?
Ava said you bailed early last night. Ava. Of course. Shed
sent Charlie an insane number of text messages and didnt stop
until Charlie had texted her back, somewhere between the
outbuilding and Ricks house. The text had been curt.
Stop or Ill hurt you.
And? Keep it cool. Simple. Nonchalant.
Said you left without saying goodbye and that you were in a
foul mood.
What are you? The dance police? Charlie watched him
warily. There was no way he could know. Was there?
Davis shoved his hands into the front pockets of his jeans.
We just hoped that youd have a good night is all.
Yeah well, being alone at a Valentines Day dance is pretty
pathetic and I wasnt feeling it. Watching her and Seth
Seth Rogers?
Yes, hes the only Seth in Fishermans Landing, why?
No reason. Davis cocked his head to the side. So you left.
She nodded, reaching for the half-brewed coffee pot. So I
left. She filled a mug for Davis and handed it to him. How was
Connor last night?
He was good. We watched the hockey game. He ate a lot of
popcorn and fell asleep before it was over.
There were no issues?
Davis took a sip from his mug, swirling the coffee around a bit
before answering. He took a shine to the piano that belonged to
my mom. Started banging on the keys, but most of them are
dead and the damn thing sounds like shit.
Really? Charlie asked. The piano? She thought back to
the other day at Ricks.
Im only sorry that its nothing more than a hunk of junk.
After he went to bed I had a look inside, thinking I could maybe
do something with the hammers, but most of them are broken. I
guess I should haul it out to the junkyard. He smiled. The little
guy seemed intense about it.
Charlies throat constricted and she set her mug on the table
and crossed the room, giving Davis a big hug. Thank you,
 she
whispered. I dont know what Id do without you.
Lucky for you, youll never have to find out.
She pulled away and laughed. One of these days Jason Davis,
some woman is going to knock you on your ass and shes going
to take you away from me.
Im a townie for life. Im not going anywhere anytime
soon.
She frowned. Dont you want more than this? This town?
This life?
Dont you?
Annoyed, she frowned. Were not talking about me.
Maybe we should be.
Oh for God sake. Lets just forget about it, all right?
Fine by me,
 he said, a smart-ass grin on his face. He
drained his mug and handed it to her. Ill take another. He
moved to her fridge. You got eggs? Ill scramble us up
something.
The two of them settled into a routine that theyd done many
times before. After her father died, Jason had started coming
around Saturday nights after work and hed be back Sunday
mornings. Hed been close to her father as well, and theyd
needed each other to get through their grief.
The sun was now up in the sky and outside her kitchen
window the rays danced over the snowdrifts, sending dazzling
reflections of lights into her eyes. In the distance she could see
the icy Atlantic and she shivered. It was going to be another cold
one. She closed the blinds a bit to cut the glare and peeled a few
potatoes, some onions and green peppers. Once she was done,
she handed everything over to Davis and he fried them up along
with the eggs.
She checked on Connor, but her brother was happily
munching on his Cheerios, eyes glued to Shark Man, and by the
time she returned to the kitchen, the food was ready. She
grabbed two plates, handed them to Davis and while she topped
up their coffee mugs, he readied dished out the food.
I really do make a mean breakfast. Ricks words slid through
her mind.
Charlie cleared her throat, because damn, she needed not to
think about Rick. Or all that hot sex.
She and Davis ate in silence for a few moments and then
Charlie put down her fork, brows furrowed as she stared across
the table at Davis.
So, Connor, was he actually trying to play the piano?
Davis shrugged, swallowing the last bit of his coffee. Hard to
tell. Like I said, the thing is a piece of crap and most of the
hammers dont work. Davis cocked his head to the side.
Why?
When we were looking at the Shelby the other day, Rick had
a keyboard set up and Connor started playing it. Random notes,
nothing more, but hes been so closed off ever since she
exhaled, eyes on Davis. She didnt need to explain. He showed
some interest and Im wondering if its something I need to
explore. I mean, hes got to come around, dont you think? He
cant stay this way forever.
Throat tight, she couldnt continue, so she grabbed at her
toast but truthfully, her appetite had fled.
I think hell come around in his own time and thats pretty
much what all those doctors have said. You just gotta be patient,
Charlie.
Yeah, well, patience isnt exactly a thing that Im good at.
Tell me about it.
She threw her toast at him, but Davis caught it and popped it
into his mouth and they finished their breakfast in relative
quiet. When they were done, she loaded the plates into the
dishwasher while he cleaned up the counter.
You know, life would be great if the two of us were into each
other.
Dont I know it,
 Davis replied with a chuckle.
She leaned against the countertop and smiled. A few years
back, after one too many tequilas, hed kissed her. And apart
from the fact that shed been with Jeremy at the time, theyd
agreed that the kiss was not only a mistake, it had been plain
awful.
Okay, so youre good to go for tomorrow? Davis asked. He
worked Saturdays alone and she worked Mondays. That way she
had the weekend with Connor and he had two days off in a row as
well.
Yep,
 she said, following him to the door. He paused then
and turned to her, that smart-ass grin lighting up his face once
more. Did you by chance drive out to the McLaren place last
night?
Wow, that was random. Fuckedy-fuck. Why would you ask
that?
He shrugged. You dont look like you had a quiet night is
all.
Her hand drifted to her messy knot of hair.
In fact, you look like youve hardly slept. He cocked his
head to the side. Or maybe thats because your eye makeup is
smudged.
Damn.
And your cheek
Her hand drifted to her skin and she winced for the first time.
What the hell?
Is it sore? Davis asked with a wink. Kind of looks like rug
burn or I dont knowlike some guy who hasnt shaved was up
close and personal.
Busted.
Will you just stop,
 she said. Dammit. Ricks stubble had
gotten her good.
Davis chuckled and headed outside.
How did you know I went to see Rick? she shouted after
him.
I didnt. He didnt bother to turn around, but then he
didnt need to. But now I do.
Charlie slammed the door shut and stuck out her tongue, glad
that Davis couldnt see through oak. She undid her hair clip and
let her tangled waves fall around her shoulders as she wandered
back into the family room.
Shark Man was about to slay the enemy and Connor didnt
even know she was there. He looked so small and fragile with his
pale skin, pale eyes, and russet curls.
He looks just like mom.
A wave of pain rolled over her and Charlie wrapped her arms
around her midsection, trying to find some bit of comfort
because suddenly the sadness inside her was almost too much to
bear.
She leaned against the wall, eyes on her vibrant red toes, and
felt them well up. She thought back to Davis question. There
was a time when she had wanted so much more than
Fishermans Landing was ever going to give her. There was a
time when she thought shed find a life that fit. A life that was
meant to be hers. Shed had it for all of two seconds, because life
threw her a curveball that she hadnt seen coming.
MIT seemed a lifetime away and so did her dream of becoming
an engineer.
Oh god, she needed to focus. She needed to think about other
things. Like the mortgage and the stack of bills on her desk.
She had Connor. She had some kind of life. And really, that
was more than a lot of folks had. It should be enough. It had to
be enough.
Didnt it?
B
11
y Wednesday Maverick couldnt take it anymore and he sent a
text message to Charlie.
So you still thinking about it or what?
He hit send before he had the chance to chicken out and when
he glanced at the message a few moments later, he cringed.
Seriously, his buddys twelve-year-old could compose a better
text message than he could.
With a groan he tossed his cell and ran his hands over his
freshly shaven jaw. If his mother could see him now, shed thank
him. Shed always been into the clean cut, Tom Cruise types
big smiles and big bank accounts (He could thank Mr. Cruise for
his name as well, Top Gun anyone?). And shed razzed him but
good the last time shed seen him. Said it looked like a cats butt
was stuck to his face.
He loved his mother, but man, he could do without the
commentary.
His father had died tragically in a car crash when he and
Cooper were small, and though his mother had a heart of gold,
she was the kind of woman who didnt mince words. She had no
filter and said whatever the hell was on her mind without
thinking.
There was a reason shed married and divorced three times.
He smiled, thinking about her. It had been a while since hed
seen herBeau and Bettys wedding, if he remembered
correctly. He should call her.
Maverick grabbed up his guitar and began to play a few
chords, humming along with a melody that had been inside his
head for the past few days. The notes fell out of him and as he
dug in, his chord progression became meatier. The notes were all
minor, and kind of sad, but he was digging it. His fingers flew
over the strings, and just like it had so many times in the past,
his mind and body opened up to the music and he began to write.
He got the bulk of the melody down and once the structure
was good, he brought out his notepad and jotted down ideas
emotions and thoughtsand that familiar knot of excitement
punched him in the gut. He knew that he was on to something.
It felt damn good to break through the creative drought that
had plagued him for months, and when he finally set his guitar
down, the shadows were longer and he realized hed worked
through lunch and most of the afternoon.
He checked his phone and smiled when he spied a response
from Charlie.
Still thinking.
Huh. At least she hadnt shot him down, but still.
Times up, darlin
,
 he said, and then headed back to the
house. He took a quick shower, pulled on a black turtleneck,
jeans and his boots, and after locking the door behind him,
strode to his truck. He was feeling good about things and had no
problem forcing the issue.
He got to Fishermans Landing around four-thirty and headed
to A Charmed Life, smiling when he walked inside and spied his
new favorite waitress, Jessie. He grabbed a stool at the counter
and accepted a cup of coffee.
Youre still here,
 Jessie said, wiping away some crumbs.
Still here.
Everythings good then?
Yep,
 he answered with a grin. Things are looking up.
Thats good to hear. Any particular reason?
Maverick took a sip of coffee. He wasnt sure what it was
about the womanmaybe she reminded him of his motherbut
he felt comfortable with her. As if theyd known each other a lot
longer than the small time hed spent in Fishermans Landing.
Maybe,
 he replied, trying to hide a smile but not wholly
successful.
Maybe is good,
 she said, nodding to a couple as they walked
in. Can I get you anything? she said, returning her gaze to
Maverick.
Do you guys do takeout?
You bet.
How about that clam chowder, and what else do you
recommend?
The haddock is fresh and our fries are to die for.
Great, Ill take three orders.
Her eyebrow shot up. Three?
If thats all right.
She wrote his order down. Its all right by me sugar. Ill put
this in and well have your order ready before you know it.
In fact it took less time than he needed to finish another cup
of coffee and by ten minutes to five, he was in his truck and
headed to Charlies garage. When he pulled into the parking lot,
a customer was just leaving and Jason Davis walked over to his
truck.
Maverick was still unclear on their relationshipit was
obviously more than just employer and employeeand judging
from the look in the mans eyes, he had something on his mind
other than hello.
Rick,
 Davis said, hunching his shoulders against the cold.
Good to see you again.
Maverick lifted his chin. Hey. Charlie inside?
Davis took a few moments to answer. She is. Davis paused,
nostrils flaring. Youve been to Charmed Life.
I have.
You planning on sharing some of that?
I am.
I figured. Not sure if shes in the mood to share dinner or
not. Guess youll have to take your chances.
Im hoping shes up for it.
Davis cleared his throat and fished the keys to his truck from
his pocket. Charlies not as strong as she wants everyone to
believe. I just want you to know that.
Davis backed away. The warning had been issued and
Maverick had to respect the guy for looking out for his friend.
Thanks,
 Maverick said, with a nod. He parked his vehicle
and went inside. Connor was sitting behind the front desk, an
iPad in hand and so engrossed in a game that he didnt look up
when Maverick entered the shop.
He didnt want to startle the boy and was about to head into
the back area when the door flew open and the sexiest woman to
ever wear a pair of grease-stained coveralls, sailed through.
Okay, Connor, we need to head to the grocery store before
we go home or its breakfast for supper again.
Charlie froze when she saw him and Maverick offered a smile.
I can save you a trip.
Excuse me?
To the grocery store.
And just how could you manage to do that? She pushed
back a long strand of hair, tucking it behind her ear, and
smudged her cheek with grease while doing so.
Ive got hot chowder, haddock and fries in my truck.
Connor slid off his chair and came to stand beside his sister,
and once again Maverick was struck by how similar they looked.
The kid could easily pass as her son, and he wondered who they
got their looks fromtheir mother or their father.
I was kind of hoping to have dinner with you. His mother
had always told him hed been blessed with a boatload of charm
and he was hoping that Charlie wasnt immune to it.
Were you now?
I was. I even have wine.
Wow, you went all out.
I tried.
I dont drink during the week. A soft smile played around
the corners of her mouth.
I cant promise that I wont try to change that.
Charlie tossed a rag onto the front desk and glanced down at
her brother. Should we let Rick come to our house for dinner?
The boy was silent though he turned away from his sister and
looked straight at Maverick. For the first time he got the full
effect of those eyes and a shiver rolled over him. It was like
peering into an old soul, an old soul whod seen a lot. To get that
from the eyes of a ten year old was sobering.
What do you say, Connor? he asked gently. Do you mind if
I join you and your sister? I got a lot of those fries that you like
and a side of gravy too.
The little boy didnt say a word, but he didnt break eye
contact either. For whatever reason that made Maverick feel
good. Connor gave a small nod and moved past his sister to
where his blue coat hung from the rack.
Wow,
 Charlie murmured, eyes moving back to Maverick.
Youve snagged an invite and we dont give those out all that
often. She pointed to the door. You can follow us home.
Five minutes later Maverick pulled into the driveway behind
Charlies truck. Their house was quaint, a grey and white cottage
style home that was picture perfect for coastal Maine. With a
porch that was deep and ran the length of the house, the place
looked like something out of a Norman Rockwell painting.
Charlie and Connor lived on the edge of town, in the opposite
direction from where his brothers place was, but she was on the
water just the same and the angry Atlantic rolled across the
horizon. Drifting snow curled over the beach and met the
surging water head on. It was both beautiful and desolate.
He grabbed the food and followed Charlie up the front steps
into the house. Again, the place looked well lived in, but also
well cared for. The worn wooden floorboards were polished to a
dark sheen, and were a perfect foil to the light pewter walls and
white trim.
The kitchen was large and the fridgehe whistled in
appreciationwas an antique.
I know. It belonged to my grandfather and still works, if you
can believe it.
Maverick ran his fingers over the appliance. How old?
Fifties I think. She looked a little unsure. I need to wash
the grease away, you can set the food over there and Ill get to it
in a minute.
Maverick slipped out of his jacket and she took it from him.
No problem. Ill figure it out.
Okay. She turned to Connor. We have to wash our hands
before dinner. She ushered him out of the room and Maverick
searched through the cupboards until he found the plates and
cutlery. He set the table and placed the haddock and fries in the
middle, putting the takeout containers of soup on each plate.
Connor appeared and sat in the chair near the window, his
pale eyes on Maverick, his hands folded neatly in his lap. Hed
set his iPad on the table and Rick nodded toward it.
What game are you playing?
Connor didnt answer. In fact, he looked out the window and
didnt look back Mavericks way until his sister entered the
kitchen.
His sister. Damn, she made his gut clench and his senses
spike to life. Shed changed into a pair of grey tights and a cream
colored shirt that fell to mid thigh. Her face was scrubbed clean
not a speck of makeupand her hair hung down her back in
silky waves, just the way he liked.
Hell, he liked everything about this woman.
Smells great,
 she said, sitting down and leaving him to sit
between the siblings. They ate their meal and talked about
nothing importantthe weather, the Boston Bruins (okay this
girl was awesome, a hockey fan to boot) and the upcoming sled
run.
Whats that all about? he asked, tossing the takeout
containers into the garbage while she wiped down the kitchen
table. Connor was listening, or maybe he wasntMaverick was
having a hard time figuring the kid out.
She leaned against the counter a few inches from him, those
eyes contemplative as she gazed up at him. She was above
average in height for a womanMaverick pegged her at about
five foot eightbut he clocked in at six-three, so he still had
several inches on her.
Its an annual run held between our town and a few of the
other coastal towns. It started about ten years ago after a wicked
blizzard and we all had to band together and run supplies from
town to town. The only way to get around was on skidoos, and a
year later we just sort of did a sled run in remembrance and then
it became a thing.
Explain this thing.
This year it starts in Fishermans Landing. All businesses are
closed and we host a pancake breakfast at the community center.
Folks from the other towns will be here and then we ride to the
next one for lunch, then onto the last town wholl host the fish
fry and party. I think theyve booked a band or something.
He inched toward her. And do you take part in this thing?
I do. She glanced at her brother. I havent done the run in
a couple years, but Im hoping that Connor will want to go this
year. I think hes nearly there She paused. Connor, time for
pajamas and if you hurry and brush your teeth, you can watch TV
for half an hour or so before bed.
Maverick watched the kid slide off his chair and grab his iPad
before heading off to do his sisters bidding.
Youre probably wondering why he is the way he is.
Maverick wasnt sure what to say and decided that honesty
was the only way to go. He seems like a real quiet kid and this
might sound kind of weird and I dont want to offend you, but
does he talk? I can see he understands you but I dont think Ive
heard him speak.
She kicked at the floor with her foot. He used to talk a lot,

she said softly. It used to annoy the hell out of me. He was a
chatterbox. Now Im lucky if I can get one or two sentences out
of him a day. Hes kind of retreated into himself and hes slowly
getting better butits a long story.
Maybe youll tell me sometime.
She glanced up at him and it took everything inside Maverick
not to bend forward and plant a kiss on that delectable mouth.
Are you a musician? she asked.
Surprised at the change in conversation, he nodded and
answered without thinking. Yeah, I am.
Would you consider letting me bring Connor out for maybe a
lesson? Or at least spend some time with him to see if its
something hes interested in?
He found himself nodding, loving the smile that was slowly
breaking open on her face. I think I can find some time for that,
on one condition.
Whats that? she asked, that smoky voice of hers making
his blood boil.
You take me on the sled run this weekend.
Anyone can go on the sled run, Rick. Its not like an invite
thing.
Good. Its a date.
She laughed, that full-on belly laugh that he was learning to
love. So now were dating.
Looks like. Before she could slip away, he tipped his head,
his hand sliding up her jaw until he buried his long fingers in the
hair at her nape. Maverick slid his mouth over hers, groaning
into her when she opened up and took him in. He kissed her
slowly, enjoying her soft lips, the smell of her hair, and the feel
of her heat against him.
When he finally came up for air, he had to take a step back
because, man, his dick was already saying hello and there was no
way that was happening tonight. He wanted to take this slow.
I want to know her.
Maybe that should have been the first sign that he was
travelling down a road hed not been on before. But Maverick
ignored the thought. Instead he focused on the light blue eyes
before him, and he swept away a long piece of hair from her
forehead.
Who are you? she whispered.
The names Rick.
I got that,
 she said with a soft smile. Rick, the man with
no last name.
Ive got one.
I assumed as much.
Simon.
Her face scrunched up. Excuse me?
My last name is Simon.
He waited for any sign of recognition, but there was nothing.
Okay. Simon. Its a good name.
My familys crazy.
Her eyes slid from his and whatever spell they had was
broken. Lets not talk about families. I dont do that real well.
She pushed away from the counter and nodded at the unopened
bottle of wine. Guess we didnt get to the wine.
He was being dismissed, but Maverick was okay with that. He
felt as if hed glimpsed a small slice of Charlies life and it
intrigued him even more. And hed shared his name with her. Of
course she still had no idea who he was, but surprisingly, he
wanted her to know. He wanted her to know everything.
It was just going to take a bit of time, and call him crazy, but
Maverick was starting to think that a month in Fishermans
Landing wasnt going to be nearly long enough.
Bring Connor by Friday after school. Ill see what I can do
with him on the piano.
She followed him to the front door, her hand reaching for his
when he would have pushed the door open.
Thank you, Rick Simon.
He bent toward her and brushed his mouth across hers once
more, loving how she shivered against him when he blew hot air
onto her neck. You can thank me Friday night.
Ill have to think about it,
 she quipped and he stepped out
into the cold New England air and headed for his truck.
You do that,
 he replied with a smile.
It was a smile that didnt leave his face the whole way home.
T
12
rying to leave the garage early on a Friday was next to
impossible, but Davis insisted on doing the last oil change of the
day and Charlie was able to swing by St. Vincent, her brothers
school, scoop up Connor and rush home for a quick shower.
Deciding not to make a big deal of it, she pulled on jeans, a
baby sweater and her Docs. Rick had already seen the
merchandise so to speak and its not as if she had a closet full of
seductive clothes anyway. She blew out her hair, brushed it until
it shone, and touched up her eyes with a bit of dark grey liner
and neutral shadow. She grabbed the tube of mascara to
complete the look and then ran some gloss over her lips.
She made a face when she glanced at her nails. They were
once again chipped and the red polish from last weekend was
long gone. There was nothing she could do about it now, and
really, shed already spent way too much time on her looks.
At ten minutes after five she pulled into the driveway of the
old McLaren house. The days were stretching out a bit longer and
the sun left an eerie glow over the top of the house. Shed always
loved this placethe estate was on several acres of prime
frontageand shed been glad to hear someone had bought it
years earlier.
Though Ricks brother hadnt done much, other than the
basics and the addition of the new outbuilding.
She wondered about the guy. From what little gossip shed
heard in town, he was a reclusive man who rarely visited his
home here and when he did, he never ventured into town. He
had anything he needed delivered and no one had even caught a
glimpse of him.
She smiled, getting out of her truck, and wondered if he was
as hot as his brother, Rick. She was still smiling when she
climbed the porch and knocked on the door, but after a few
moments no one answered and she decided to head to the
outbuilding.
Come on, Connor. This way.
They trudged through the snow, the path well worn, and
when they rounded the house, she saw a soft glow falling from
the windows of the outbuilding. As they got closer the door
swung open and the man whod haunted her dreams all week
leaned against the doorframe.
Charlies heart skipped a beat and she didnt even try to keep
the big ass grin off her face. Holy hell, but he looked good. He
was dressed for the country, in faded jeans, boots and a plain
white T-shirt underneath blue plaid flannel. His hair was
mussed, as if hed run his hands through it more than a few
times, and it looked like he hadnt shaved since shed seen him
on Wednesday.
God, she loved that rough look.
Hey,
 he said stepping aside so she and Connor could file
into the room. It was warm, courtesy of a fireplace shed not
noticed before, and she took her coat off and handed it to Rick.
Hey yourself,
 she replied softly, managing to get rid of the
silly grin on her face. She really needed to work on keeping her
shit together when she was around him.
His eyes held hers for several long moments and then he
turned to Connor, who stood a few inches from them. Her
brother was rubbing his fingers togethersomething he did
when he was nervousbut before she could do anything about
it, Rick bent down and held out his hands, palms up.
Wanna give me your coat bud? We can go and fool around on
the piano for as long as you want.
Her heart squeezed at the flash of fear in Connors eyes.
Maybe this wasnt a good idea. He didnt like attention and he
sure as hell didnt like direct contact.
Or you can just sit there and play when you feel like it.
Ricks voice was gentle and Charlie bit her lip, watching the two
of themthe large, masculine guy next to her small, delicate
brother.
Its your call,
 Rick continued. You dont have to play the
piano if you dont want to. We can just eat pizza and play Xbox if
thats your thing.
Long moments stretched thin and Charlie was about to scoop
up her jacket and call it a day when Connor shrugged and took
off his gloves and hat. He slipped out of his jacket, and after a
small hesitation, handed everything over to Rick.
Charlie had to look away because it was that hard for her to
watchreally hardbut in a good way. When was the last time
shed seen Connor react to anyone, other than Davis?
Ill just sit over here. Charlie moved toward the sofa.
Theres cold beer in the fridge if you want,
 Rick said.
Corona. Thought wed have a Mexican night. He paused.
Thats if you like Mexican.
She nodded. We like Mexican.
She settled on the edge of the sofa, absently fingering some
papers that were there as she watched Connor. Her brother
didnt move and kept his eyes on the ground but when Rick sat
in front of the keyboard and began playing a slow, beautiful
melody, her brothers head jerked up. Connor watched Rick for a
long time and god help her, but Charlie was transfixed as well.
Rick wasnt just good and he sure as hell was better than
great. The guy had chops and feel and he made the keyboard
sound as if it was a part of him. He looked so damn sexy sitting
there, playing a soft, haunting tune, dressed like a lumberjack
(with the shoulders to go with) and all that dark wavy hair and
the five oclock shadow.
Better watch it girlie, you might fall for this one.
Charlie pushed that thought away as quickly as it had come.
No way was she going to ruin this moment thinking about
something that hadnt even happened yet. Or rather, thinking
about something could never happen because she knew he
wasnt staying in Fishermans Landing.
No one ever does,
 she murmured to herself.
Connor moved to the keyboard, inches at a time, his
expression rapt as he watched Rick play. When he stopped near
the bench and Rick moved over, a big old knot clogged Charlies
throat.
It took another five minutes before Connor committed
himself to sitting next to Rick, and the sight of his slight
shoulders, hunched over as he watched Ricks fingers move, was
one that Charlie would never forget.
Rick spoke quietly to her brother, his voice soothing, relaxing
even, as he talked about the notes and what they meant. He
mentioned things like minor chords and major chordsthings
that Charlie had no clue aboutand he talked about ebb and
flow. When he reached for Connors hand, Charlie froze,
exhaling hard and fighting tears because, Jesus, her brother let
Rick touch him.
She blew out a long breath and settled back into the sofa,
turning away because she couldnt bear to watch the beauty of
what was unfolding. At least not right now, because right now it
was painfully beautiful, and she didnt want to ruin the moment
by breaking down.
Charlie wasnt sure how much time had passed, because she
nearly jumped out of her skin when Rick sat beside her.
Hey,
 he said, nudging her with his knee.
She sat up, realizing that Connor was still
Hes still playing.
Rick nodded. Yeah. He picked it up real quick. I taught him
an easy piece and hes practicing it something fierce. They both
watched the little hands attack the keys with a passion that
Charlie had never seen before.
Thank you,
 she whispered. I didnt know what would
happen. Didnt know if hed engage or not. Its hard sometimes
to know what will work with him. And its even harder to be
disappointed over and over.
Rick grabbed her chin, his fingers gentle, and forced her eyes
back to his. Youll have to tell me about him. Id like to know
your brothers story. He paused and Charlies mouth went dry
at the look in his eyes. Id like to know your story.
Charlie wasnt sure how long they sat like that, legs pressed
against each other, eyes unmoving, but when Connor ripped into
the piece yet again, with a fury no less, she glanced away.
I didnt get my Corona. Geez, why did she suddenly sound
like Marilyn Monroe? Granted, it was a version that smoked a
pack a day, but still. She really needed to get some perspective.
Rick was being nice to her because he was a good guy. But he was
a good guy who was most likely looking to get laid again.
Lord knows that she was.
Sure thing.
He grabbed her a cold beer and brought out all the fixings
they needed for fajitas.
You did this? she asked, walking over to inspect the
peppers and tomatoes, the cheese and lettuce.
Hey, Im not just another pretty face,
 he replied with a
grin. I like to cook and I like Mexican. He winked and she was
flooded with warmth. And I like you. All in all, thats a good
night in my books.
He held his beer up in a toast, and with her brother happily
banging away at the keyboard behind her, Charlie settled back
onto the sofa and watched Rick sear the beef and chicken. He
hummed a tune while he worked, his handsome face a work of
concentration as he prepared their meal, and she thought that
maybe he had some pipes as well.
Do you sing? she asked suddenly, sitting on the edge of the
sofa, watching him intently.
He looked surprised and took another drink from his beer
bottle before answering. I do.
She glanced down at the papers again. They were full of jotted
notes, what seemed to be lyrics. Again she glanced around the
roomat the musical instruments, the guitars and keys and
even a fiddle?
So you sing and write songs? Is that what you do for living?
Ive been known to sing now and again. He tossed the meat
into a container and set it on the bar top. Though I mainly score
music for movies, but its something I dont do as much as I used
to.
Wow. She got to her feet and walked over to him. That
sounds impressive.
He smiled. Its not really. Ive gotten away from doing big
projects and the last two films that I worked on were
documentaries.
How did youI mean, how did you get involved with that?
Ive always been fascinated by film and when I was younger,
I thought that Id be the next Spielberg or Scorsese, but it didnt
work out.
Oh? Why is that?
When I was fifteen I figured out real quick that girls liked
boys with guitars much more than they did a dude with camera.
So for a horny teenager it was an easy choice.
She laughed. Sounds pretty typical. She popped a tomato
into her mouth. So where does the singing come in? Have you
ever had a song on the radio? She was being cheeky, but
something in his eyes shifted and he was suddenly serious.
I have, actually.
Oh. Wow. He really was full of secrets. Anything recent?
she asked, reaching for another tomato.
I had something on the go last year.
Would I have heard it?
Maybe. He set the bowl of garnishments on the table. Do
you like country music?
She made a face. No. Im more of a classic rock kind of girl.
He grinned. Hey, I like all kinds of music.
Maybe you could sing your song for me later.
Rick walked toward her, like a predator after prey and
Charlies heart took off like a rocket.
Maybe I will,
 he said gruffly, bending over to plant one hell
of a kiss on her mouth. If youre lucky.
What do you mean, if Im lucky?
I meant to say if youre extremely lucky.
She got up from the sofa and let him envelop her hand with
his. Oh, so youre thinking about it.
Yep.
All right. Let me know when youve decided.
He leaned toward her ear and she shivered as his hot breath
rolled over her skin. You can bet your sweet little ass I will.
The two of them were so caught up in their pre-dinner
flirtation that neither one of them realized Connor had stopped
playing until he tugged on Charlies leg.
Im hungry,
 Connor said.
Oh,
 Charlie said, keeping her cool as she pointed to the
barstool. Do you want help up?
Connor ignored her question and climbed up onto the chair
himself. He dug into the food without another word, but that was
okay. He was coming around. And Rick Simon was the reason.
She glanced at Rick, her stomach somersaulting at the
intense, hot, look in his eyes.
You ready to eat? he asked.
She nodded and grabbed a plate. Who was this guy?
M
13
avericks cell woke him before the sun was up. He glanced at
his watch, groaned when he realized it was barely five in the
morning, and promptly tossed his pillow onto the pile of clothes
that held his cell, before sliding underneath his other pillow.
Charlie had left around ten the night beforeConnor was
falling asleepand Rick had been up until three AM working on
a song that had him fired up. He knew he had to get up soon if he
wanted to make the sled run, but hell, he needed at least another
hour of sleep.
Charlie.
He smiled, burying himself beneath the warm covers. Theyd
spent a lazy night chatting and flirting outrageously when
Connor wasnt looking. The air had literally buzzed with sexual
tension and even though theyd done nothing more than sneak a
few hot kisses, the night had been one he wouldnt forget. She
was funny as hell, sweet on her brother, and just plain
interesting.
The girl could build an engine from scratch and knew more
about cars than most guys he knew. She loved hockey, had an
eighteen handicap when it came to golf and played baseball in
the summer. She was sexy as hell, and she was the angel whod
infiltrated his dreams. Charlie Samuels was one hell of a woman
and Rick closed his eyes, envisioning her bent over his brothers
Shelby in nothing but a sexy black thong.
Yeah baby. That was an image meant for dreams.
Hed just drifted off when he was again awakened by his cell,
and this time it wouldnt stop ringing. With a snarl he rolled out
of bed, making a mental note to change his ringtone to
something less grating than War Pigs. He liked the Black
Sabbath song, just not first thing in the morning.
There was a time and place, he thought, just like this damn
phone call.
What? he barked, setting the cell against his ear as he
searched for his jeans. There was no use in going back to bed and
he had to be up soon anyway.
Hey, its me. Sorry about the early hour.
Suddenly awake, Maverick stilled. Jack? Whats going on? Is
it the baby?
No. God no. Donovan is good. Cranky as hell, but good. His
cousin sounded tired, which did nothing to reassure Maverick.
Something was up and he sat down on the edge of the bed, gut
tight because he had a feeling
Its about Teague.
Shit,
 he muttered, rubbing his chin and staring at the floor.
Have you been watching the news?
No, should I be?
Absolutely not,
 Jack replied. Dont even go there. Most of
the reports are exaggerated and are only half truths.
A sick feeling wove its way through his body and Rick rolled
his shoulders, trying to alleviate his tight muscles.
Thats not exactly reassuring.
You know the press and tabloids. They like a good story and
anything involving a Simon is going to grab a lot of airtime. I
dont need to tell you that.
Maverick was almost afraid to ask. Last hed heard, Jacks
brother Teague was in the Middle East, working for the
government. In what capacity, Maverick wasnt surehis cousin
was a renowned photojournalistbut he also had a history with
the military and was known to do other kinds of work for them
from time to time.
So Im guessing its not great. Tell me what you know.
Jack sighed. He was in Syria, I think you knew that.
I did.
I got word yesterday afternoon that he and his team are
missing.
Maverick exhaled roughly. Missing as in they havent
checked in? Or missing as in theyve been taken.
Thats the thing. Right now we dont know. The press is
saying that hes been kidnapped by some off shoot of ISIS but
Ive been in contact with some people in the know and Ive been
assured that there isnt any proof of that. As far as we know, his
team is missing but they could be navigating their way through
hostile territory.
Fuck,
 Maverick breathed harshly.
Youre telling me. If hes being held and his captors know
who he is, that hes a Simon
His cousins words trailed off and Maverick swallowed hard.
With the press all over this, it wasnt just a notion, it could very
well be Teagues reality.
How did the press find out?
Who knows? A leak most likely.
Im sorry, Jack. How are you parents? Auntie Eden must be
freaking the hell out.
Shes holding up. Theyre at the compound in Florida but the
press is already starting to gather. I dont know. I think this is
going to turn into a media shit storm, but theres really nothing I
can do about it.
No. I dont suppose so. Maverick paused. Have you told
Cooper yet?
Nah, I cant get hold of him. Wasnt he off for a few weeks to
Belize? Scuba diving or something?
Yeah. That was his plan.
I left a message on his cell but who knows when hell get it.
If you do happen to cross paths, let him know that as soon as Ive
got updated information Ill get back to you guys. In the
meantime, say a prayer for Teague.
Will do,
 Maverick replied. Im out for the day but Ill have
my cell with me if you hear anything.
Got it.
Take care, Jack. Anything I can do, just let me know.
Thanks, Rick. Appreciate that.
Give your wife a kiss for me.
You bet.
Maverick sat on the edge of the bed and glanced out the
window. It was frosty with cold but he could see sunlight peeking
over the horizon. He wondered if Teague was cold or hurt or
afraid. His cousin was a big guyall of the Simon men were
and Maverick knew he could look after himself in many
situations others would find bleak. Hed been a Seal for Christ
sake, but the stuff going on in that part of the world was a whole
new ballgame.
Hell make it,
 Maverick whispered, getting up off the bed.
He had to.
Maverick showered, grabbed a cup of coffee and avoided the
TV. Jack was right. No sense watching reports that were full of
speculation. His cousin would call him when there was news of
Teague, until then he would head out to Fishermans Landing
and enjoy the day with Charlie and Connor.
By the time he reached town and found the community
center, the place was full of people, milling around, eating hot
pancakes and drinking hot chocolate. He was directed to a
parking lot full of trucks and gear to transport sleds. His skidoo
was loaded in the back and he parked his truck so that he could
find Charlie.
It didnt take him long and maybe he shouldnt be surprised
at the way his heart sped up, but shit, he was. She made him lose
his cool with just a smile and for a second, he pondered that. Had
he ever reacted to a woman in this way?
Hell no. The thought kind of freaked him out.
Hey,
 she said, pale eyes sparkling as she looked up at him.
Dressed in a royal blue jacket and matching snow pants, with a
pearl colored knitted hat, she looked adorable. Long auburn
waves fell around her shoulders and her cheeks were pink from
the cold. Did you just get here?
I did.
Huh,
 she winked. And you found me already? Thats
gottta be some kind of record.
He paused a few inches from her. God, she was beautiful.
I think Ive got some kind of internal radar going on when it
comes to you.
Im not sure I like the sound of that.
What? You dont like me knowing where you are every
second of the day? He winked. Could come in handy. Just
sayin.
Really,
 she replied. Why is that?
Well, what if say, just now you finished thinking about IT.
IT.
Yep. IT. What was it about this banter foreplay that he liked
so much?
IT, as in She leaned close to him, reaching up to whisper
in his ear. IT? The IT that ends with both of us naked?
He nodded. That would be the one. And before she could
pull away, he swept his mouth over hers, lingering just long
enough for him to know that her heart was beating as fast as his.
She slowly pulled away. Well then. She licked her mouth,
as if savoring the taste of him. I guess I dont mind the whole
internal radar thing.
Thats good then. He glanced around, aware that theyd
attracted some interest. Wheres Connor?
He went with Davis to get some more pancakes. She held
out her plate. I cant finish these. Theyre yours if you want
them.
He accepted the plate from Charlie and dug into the pancakes.
They were liberally doused with syrup and butter, and his Aunt
Virginia would kill him for even thinking this, but they were the
best damn pancakes hed ever had.
Charlie went to get them each a coffee and hed just tossed
his paper plate into the large waste bin when Charlies friend,
Ava walked over.
Hey Rick, nice to see you out for the run. Its a lot of fun and
the weathers perfect today.
Im looking forward to it.
She watched him closely and he had a feeling he was being
judged in some way. So I hear you and Charlie have been
hanging out.
You hear right,
 he replied.
Shes a special girl. It was a warning, of that there was no
doubt, and he appreciated Avas concern for her friend.
So Ive found out,
 he replied.
Im glad you guys figured it out. Ava shrugged. I havent
seen her thiswell, shes just a lot more like she used to be and
that girl needed some fun, so thank you.
Its no problem. I
I like her.
I like her a lot. Whoa. Now he was publicly proclaiming his
feelings for Charlie. This was a whole new ball game for
Maverick. But the of it thing was? He didnt mind playing. Not at
all.
Good,
 Ava said with a wink. Though if you hurt her in any
way, Ill have to kill you.
You can get in line behind Davis.
True. She giggled. Speaking of Davis.
They both turned as Davis, Connor, and Charlie returned with
coffees and hot chocolate for the road. Maverick shook Davis
hand and accepted a coffee from Charlie.
You ready for the big day? he asked Connor.
The little guy was bundled up and though he looked up at
Maverick, he didnt answer. He shuffled his feet and leaned into
his sister.
Well be heading out in ten minutes,
 Charlie said. My
skidoo is over there. She pointed behind Maverick. Ill follow
you to yours and we can ride together.
Sounds like a plan,
 Maverick said.
Who you riding with? Davis asked Ava, as he fingered his
helmet and sunglasses.
Seth Rogers,
 she replied.
Davis eyes narrowed and Maverick glanced at Charlie to see if
she noticed the sudden tension, but she was busy securing her
brothers scarf.
Make sure he doesnt leave you at the last stop. Its
happened before.
Ava stuck her tongue out. Dont be such sourpuss, Jason.
You dont like Seth so you think that I shouldnt like him.
You dont like him.
She snorted. Of course I do.
Davis pulled on his helmet. No, Ava. You dont. He left
without another word and headed toward his sled.
What the hell is his problem? Ava asked, staring after the
tall mechanic.
Whos got a problem? Charlie asked, finally happy with
Connors scarf.
No one,
 Ava replied sharply. Ill see you at the next stop.
Charlie watched her stomp off and turned to Maverick. What
was that all about?
Maverick shrugged. I think theyre both thinking about it.
Charlie looked at him, an eyebrow arched. It? As in, IT?
I think so.
Huh. Charlie grinned. Took them long enough.
B
14
y lunchtime Charlie was beginning to think that she had a
potential problem on her hands, and it had everything to do with
a certain man riding beside her. Good Lord, had she ever seen a
guy look so hot in aviators? Did his smile have to be so
devastating?
Did he have to smile at her every chance he got?
The long line of skidoos pulled into the community center in
Smithville, the first stop on the sled run, and she parked her
machine, pulling off her headgear while Connor did the same.
Rick pulled up alongside her and in a few seconds, slid from his
machine.
The day was crisp, but with next to no breeze and an
abundance of sunlight, it was bearable. In fact she knew it was
going to be one of the best days ever. And herein was her
problem.
Him. Rick. The guy with the wicked smile and eyes that could
charm the panties off any woman that he chose. For whatever
reason hed chosen her and Lord knows her lady parts were
already buzzing. But it was more than the hot sex theyd shared.
He was starting to matter to her. And that was scary for a
whole host of reasons, the main one being that the guy was just
passing through. He didnt belong here and he sure as hell
wasnt staying. She was crazy to get involved with a guy as
dangerous as him.
Not gonna think about it,
 she muttered to herself, smiling
at Connor as he grabbed a handful of snow and tossed it at her.
Hey,
 she said, scooping some up into her hands. Do that
again Mister and its game on.
Connor laughed. He actually laughed. When was the last time
shed heard that sound fall from his lips? She didnt want to
make too much of it because she knew hed retreat if she did.
Lets get some lunch. Its hotdogs and soup.
Ricks hand settled at the small of her back as they made their
way over to the lineup for food. She liked the feel of it. Liked how
the women eyed him up with interest as they walked by. It was
so high school, but she felt like shouting,
hes mine.
Cheeks pink, she banished the thought. High school indeed.
She was way past those days.
After they mingled with the townsfolk and had some hot
lunch, everyone climbed back onto their machines and headed
out to the trails once more. The next leg was the longest and
would take about three hours. Ava was still with Seth, and
Charlie loved how hot under the collar Davis was being about
that.
The snow was pristine and the trail wove in and around a few
lakes before they headed into the interior and higher ground.
They spied a lot of wildlife along the way and Ricks grin told her
that he was enjoying the outing as much as she was.
By the time they reached the last town, Springs Falls, it was
nearly five oclock and the air was changing. It was colder.
Crisper. It was time to relax. The town hosted a meal at the
community center, but this time the festivities were inside and
there was live music. Buses were parked and would begin
running every hour, shuttling those who didnt want to do the
return trip on their sleds, home to their respective towns.
Well take the bus back when were ready,
 she said to Rick.
And Ill come back for our sleds tomorrow.
Sounds good to me.
He checked his cell and scrolled through a few messages, but
pocketed it without answering.
Everything okay? she asked, leading the way inside. He
looked pensive, which wasnt something she was used to.
Yeah. For now. He didnt elaborate and she didnt ask any
more questions, even though she kinda wanted to know what
had made his eyes shadowed.
Once inside, they made their way over to the tables and
Maverick insisted she sit with Connor while he went to grab
them bowls of homemade chili and bread. The fresh air had
made her hungry and the smells were to die for.
Davis appeared and went off with Rick while Charlie settled
back into her chair, content to relax and people watch. Connor
must have felt the same because he melted against her, his big
eyes wide as he gazed around the room.
Her heart softened and she fought the urge to hug him tight.
She still wasnt sure if hed let her, but man, to see him engaged
his eyes full of interestwas something shed longed for ever
sinceher father had died.
There really were no words.
Charlotte Samuels?
Startled, Charlie blinked away her tears and whipped her head
around, smiling when she spied Danielle Mason, an old
schoolmate. The brunette was about five foot nothing and curvy
with a wide smile and kind brown eyes.
Oh my God, you havent changed a bit,
 Danielle said,
bending over and hugging Charlie. I thought that was you in
Smithville, but I wasnt sure. I didnt know you were back in the
area.
Charlie got to her feet and smiled. Its me and yes, Ive been
back for a couple years now. After my dad passed I, um, took over
the garage.
She saw the surprise in Danielles eyes. Oh. Yes, I was so sad
when I heard about your dad, you know? What a tragedy.
It was. Charlie glanced at her brother, but Connor was still
people watching and quite content.
And this is little Connor?
She nodded.
Poor thing,
 Danielle whispered. So you went to Boston
University, right?
No, MIT.
Wow, thats impressive. Did you finish or
No. It just wasnt possible.
Danielles brown eyes softened. You can always go back. I
mean, you must have been close to graduating.
I was but I dont think thats ever going to happen. She
shrugged and changed the subject. So, you live in Springs Falls
now?
Danielles grin was huge. I do. I married Mitch Williams. Do
you remember him? No? Hes a doctor and I work with him in the
office. We have twin babies.
Twins. Wow.
I know right? Little girls. Jenna and Emily. Theyre almost
three so were thinking nows a good time to try for one more.
Danielles brown curls bobbed as she talked. What about you?
Me?
Yes you! Are you married? Any kids?
Ah, Imno. Im nowhere near where you are yet.
Oh. Whos the hot guy I saw you come in with? Are you two
together?
No,
 Charlie answered abruptly, but when Danielle looked at
her strangely, she blurted. Well, yes but not really. You know
how it is. You hook up with these guys and then you know, move
on to the next one.
Oh my God, she was rambling. Someone please stop me.
Oh. Danielle looked confused.
Charlie strained to see behind Danielle. Where the hell were
Davis and Rick?
But Danielle wasnt letting her go just yet. But who is he?
His name is Rick.
She frowned. Rick. Hmmm. He looked familiar to me
somehow. Is he from the area?
No. Hes just visiting for few weeks.
Oh. Danielles eyes widened. Oh. I get it. You guys are
just Her cheeks turned a deep rose. Youre just
Screwing? Charlie said dryly.
I didnt mean anything by that. I mean, a woman certainly
has the right to do those kinds of things with whomever she
wants to.
Do what kind of things?
And of course Rick would walk back just when the
conversation was getting interesting.
Danielle turned to him and just like most of the women today,
she kind of melted when exposed to Ricks charm. She smiled
and giggled like a teenager.
Rick, this is an old schoolmate of mine, Danielle.
Nice to meet you. Id shake hands but
Charlie grabbed the bowls from his tray and set them on the
table, while he deposited a basket of warm bread and butter.
Davis slid into a seat beside Connor, not bothering to look up
when he spoke.
So Ava is sitting clear on the other side of the room with
Seth.
Charlie glanced at Rick but he just shrugged and stepped
around Danielle, who was staring at him strangely.
Are you sure we havent met? she asked Rick, taking a good
long look.
Im sure,
 he replied. Ive never been to Fishermans
Landing before or Springs Falls either.
I guess you just have one of those faces,
 Danielle said, a
thoughtful expression on her face. Where are you from?
Danielle, we need to eat before the food gets cold. Charlie
sat down and hoped her old friend would take the hint.
California,
 he replied.
Huh. That was new information. For a moment Charlie stared
down into her bowl of chili. She realized that she knew next to
nothing about this man. Theyd spent most of the previous
evening talking, but they hadnt talked about anything that
mattered. Not really. She knew his name. Rick Simon. She knew
he had a brother. She knew that he was an amazing lover, with
gentle hands and a mouth that was to die for.
She knew that he was a musicianthat he wrote and sang.
And that was it.
She supposed it was more than he knew about her.
California! Wow. Why in hell are you out here when you
could be in the warm sunshine?
I guess we always want what we dont have,
 he replied,
glancing at Charlie. She raised her eyebrows and grabbed a hunk
of bread.
I guess so,
 Danielle replied.
A moment of awkward silence fell and Danielle stepped back.
Oh my goodness. Sit down. You must be starving. She waved
to Charlie. So nice seeing you again and Jason Davis, wow, nice
to see you too. Remember me?
Davis stopped chewing his food and glanced up. He nodded
and pointed to his full mouth. Danielle laughed and moved away.
Ill stop bothering you guys and let you eat your dinner. Are you
staying for the dance?
Charlie didnt have a chance to answer, because Rick did as he
slid into the spot across from her. I think were heading back
sooner than later. The little guys had a full day of sun and fresh
air.
Oh of course. Okay, Im glad I ran into you all.
She walked away and Charlie breathed a sigh of relief.
Who the hell was that? Davis asked, when he had a chance
to swallow his food.
Charlie laughed. Shes a few years older than me so you
would have went to high school with her. She used to run the
pep rallys remember?
Nope.
Youre hopeless.
They settled in to eat their dinner and with Davis preoccupied
and Connor still people watching, the conversation was light.
And that was fine. Between the scorching hot looks from Rick,
she was having a hard time concentrating.
She wanted him. She wanted him in her bed tonight.
And as much as she wanted that, she couldnt help but feel
afraid. Because try as she might, Charlie couldnt shake the
feeling that things were about to get very complicated.
Thered been a day when she would have been all over a
challenge like Rick Simon, complicated or not. But she wasnt
the same girl she used to be and complicated had a way of biting
a girl in the ass. Challenge or not, was she ready for that?
She glanced up from her half eaten bowl of chili and her
breath caught at the back of her throat. Rick was looking at her,
his dark eyes smoldering, his generous mouth curved into a
wicked grin.
Why did complicated have to be so damn hot?
R
15
ick left the community center of Springs Falls by seven, along
with Charlie and Connor. Davis had been in a mood and decided
to stay for a bit. His excuse had been that he wanted to catch the
band, but Rick knew when a guy was a lost cause. He had a thing
for Charlies friend Ava, and anyone with a brain could see it.
If Davis were one of his cousins, or his brother Cooper, Rick
would have told him to stop being a pussy, find his balls and go
after the woman that he wanted. But Rick didnt know the guy
well enough to offer that kind of blunt advice, so he shook
Daviss hand and wished him a good night instead.
The three of them hopped onto the bus and snagged a couple
of seats in the back. Connor climbed onto the one beside them
and immediately curled onto his side. The little guy was so tired
and didnt say a word, closing his eyes and drifting off before the
bus had pulled out of the parking lot.
It was dark out, but the sky was clear, full of thousands of
stars and a moon that was nearly full. It created a surreal glow
over the snow covered ground and was a real pretty thing to look
at. Of course it had nothing on the woman beside him and he
glanced over only to find Charlies eyes on him. She didnt say a
word. But then she didnt have to.
Mavericks blood boiled at the look in her eyes. When her lips
parted and she sighed, a low sexy sort of thing, he felt himself
tighten and thought that it was going to be one hell of a long ride
back to her place.
And it was.
By the time they reached Fishermans Landing, Rick was
strung so tight that one little touch from her would have made
him explode. Charlie had melted into his side and the warmth of
her body seared through his jacket and clothes, driving him
crazy.
They still hadnt said one word to each other, but their body
language and eye contact spoke volumes. Her legs were crossed
as if to alleviate some kind of stress. He grinned at the thought,
because he was pretty sure he knew exactly where her problem
area was. Not that he was going to gloat. How could he? He was
hard as a rock and if he didnt watch it, some of the older ladies
up front were going to get a glimpse of the bulge between his
legs.
The bus pulled into the parking lot where theyd left their
vehicles and Rick handed Charlie the keys to his truck, taking a
moment to slide his thumb over her palm. He couldnt help
himself.
Her breath hitched.
His dick throbbed.
Ive got Connor,
 he said roughly. You can drive.
He scooped up the sleeping boy into his arms, surprised at
just how light he was. As he followed Charlie out of the bus and
across the parking lot to his truck, he realized that he didnt
even know Connors age. Hed been figuring about ten, but he
didnt know for sure. He guessed that there was a lot that they
didnt know about each other and maybe it was time to remedy
that situation.
His smile slashed through the darkness as he climbed into
the passenger side of his truck. Of course, there was time for
that later. Priorities.
He glanced at Charlie as the engine roared to life. She licked
her lips and her breaths fell in rapid bursts. She was as worked
up as he was. There would be time for talking later.
Much later.
Connor stirred against his chest, his mouth puckering, his
brows furrowed. He made a few noises and for a moment Rick
thought he might wake up, but Connor slipped his arms around
Ricks neck, his little hands digging in but good and relaxed,
making an odd little snoring sound as he slept.
There was something about the sound. Something about the
feel of a little person in his arms. A little person with no
awareness, but one hed been entrusted with. Whatever it was,
Ricks chest tightened and as he gazed down at the little boy, he
felt incredibly humble.
For the first time ever, he wondered what it would be like to
hold his childto be wholly responsible for another life. It was a
sobering thought.
Were here,
 Charlie said softly. She sounded hesitant and
unsure. And man, he loved how open and real she was. Do you
want me to Her voice trailed off and the only sound was
Connors breathing and the low rumble of the trucks engine.
I got him.
Are you, um She cleared her throat but didnt finish her
sentence.
Im not going home if thats what youre asking. He
paused. Unless you want me to.
She cut the engine. I dont want you to. She exhaled. Ive
thought about it,
 she said with a soft smile.
IT?
She nodded and reached for the door handle. Yeah. IT.
And?
She threw the door open and hopped out of his truck. Game
on.
Rick followed her into her house and kicked off his boots
before taking her lead and heading upstairs. He reached a large
landing with four doors and Charlie headed to the last one on the
right. He held Connor close, waiting for her to pull back the kids
coversNinja Turtles no lessand then gently laid him down
on the bed. They worked together to get Connors coat and boots
off, and with a soft sigh, the little guy turned onto his side, eyes
fluttering a bit, though they didnt open.
Goodnight, little man,
 Charlie said and kissed his brow.
They left together and she closed the door behind her, taking
a few steps before pausing. Hes out. He wont hear us, I
meanwe can
For all of two seconds he stared down into her eyes and when
she looked downward, there at his bulging crotch and smiled, he
nearly exploded in his jeans.
Bedroom,
 he said gruffly.
She turned without another word and headed across the hall
and yanked on the doorknob. It wouldnt giveshe jiggled it and
swore.
Let me. Maverick reached around her and with one deft
movement, turned the knob and pushed her bedroom door open.
He followed her inside, not seeing anything but the woman in
front of him. He didnt notice the pink and white furniture or the
frilly curtains on the wall. He didnt see the hope chest at the
foot of her bed, the artwork on the wall, or the shelves with
model cars.
He walked by a pile of clothes tossed onto a chair, his hands
already reaching into his back pocket for his wallet and his
condom supply. He was prepared this time and so damn ready
for her.
Im going to apologize now,
 he said hoarsely. Because this
is going to be fast and hard. He yanked his zipper down and
freed his aching cock. He made quick work of the condom and
reached for her, his hands greedy, his body tight and hot.
He swept a kiss across her heated brow, his need for her so
great that he had to take a moment to get his shit together.
Maverick rested his forehead against hers, struggling for
some kind of control. Do you like it fast and hard, Charlie?
She didnt answer at first and he pulled away so that he could
see her face. Her mouth was parted, her eyes feverish, and her
nipples were hard beneath the cotton shirt that she wore.
I think fast and hard would be good right about now.
Thats my girl,
 Maverick growled, dropping a hungry kiss
onto her mouth. He tore his lips away and turned her around, so
that she faced the bed. Bend over.
Charlie undid her fly and bent over the edge of the mattress,
while he pulled her jeans down until they gathered at her knees.
She spread her legs as far as she could and arched her back in
such a provocative manner that he inhaled a deep breath,
fighting for control.
Screw this. He wanted all access. Maverick yanked her jeans
down all the way and she kicked them off while he did the same
to his. She inched forward onto all fours, climbing onto the bed
so that her ass was right where it should be.
He didnt wait. He didnt need to. She was shiny and wet and
he could smell her. Youre so goddamn hot,
 he whispered.
Maverick thrust into Charlie with one swift movement, his
hands pressing into the small of her back as she arched her butt
back at him. She was so tight and wet and for one scary moment,
Maverick thought he was going to blow his load right then. But
he managed to gain some control and thrust into her
aggressively.
You like that? he asked, roughly.
God, yes,
 she whimpered.
He thrust deeper, groaning as she took every inch of him. His
body was hot with lust as he rubbed her ass and spread her
cheeks. A wicked grin spread across his face as he continued to
thrust into herharder and fasterand his fingers began to
knead the soft rounded skin.
He glanced up and caught sight of her watching them fuck in
the mirror on the wall. It was an image hed take to the grave.
Charlie half dressed, with her hair falling in shiny waves around
her face, her mouth open, her body trembling from the pleasure
he was giving her.
Their eyes caught and held. Mavericks fingers inched toward
her other opening and she bit her lip, though she didnt look
away. He massaged the entire area, watching her facethe
desire and need in her eyes. She arched her back even more and
when he slid a finger inside that tight hole, she made a noise,
one that was enough to drive him over the edge.
Do you like that? he asked, slowly moving his finger inside
her, while his tempo increased and his thrusts became faster. I
can stop if you want me to. He barely managed to get the words
out.
Dont stop,
 she whispered, her voice ending on a groan as
he massaged the puckered opening with his thumb while his
finger probed deeper. He continued to torture her with his hands
and fingers, with his hard, pounding cock. Hed never felt so
attune to a woman before and when she tightened around him
he bent over her, angling himself just so.
Oh my god, Maverick,
 she cried. Right there.
Are you coming for me?
Yes.
I want you to come hard for me. The muscles in his neck
tightened and he knew he was right there with her. As that
exquisite pressure continued to build his thighs slapped against
her ass. He drove his finger into her once more, rotating,
massaging slowly while his cock pounded hard and fast.
That feels,
 she managed to say. I cantIve never
She cried out again, her back arched, her body gyrating
crazily, and when her walls gripped him hard, he let go and came
harder than hed ever done before. He thrust over and over again
as he milked his release for all he could.
When he thought his legs were going to give out, Maverick
withdrew and collapsed onto the bed beside her, drawing her
against him because he needed to feel her. Needed to hear her.
Christ, he just needed to hold her.
That was She said softly.
He dropped a kiss onto her forehead, his heart still pounding
fast and furious.
Damn,
 was all he said. I know.
And it was enough.
C
16
harlie was in heaven. There could be no other explanation.
She was warm, content, and snuggled up against a man whod
given her a night she would never forget. Long after Rick left to
go back to wherever it was hed come fromCalifornia,
apparentlyshe would remember last night.
Always.
She thought their first night of sex had been amazing but last
night was different. Last night shed connected with him on a
level that she hadnt thought possible. Seriously. Shed known
what he was going to do before he did it and his anticipation of
what she wantedof how far she was willing to gowas scary.
It was scary and wonderful and hot, and well, scary.
You feel good first thing in the morning,
 Rick murmured,
his voice full of sleep and close to her ear.
So do you. Charlie reached up so that she could drop a kiss
onto the corner of his mouth.
Give me a moment babe, cause Im not sure I can handle you
right now.
Only a moment? she teased.
Maybe two,
 he murmured against her mouth.
Charlie laughed. Ill let you off the hook for now, but only
because Im hungry and if I dont eat something soon Ill turn
into the biggest grouch ever.
Guess we worked up quite the appetite.
We did.
Im hungry too,
 he said, voice low and filled with that
certain tone shed come to love. It meant that he was hungry for
something, but it wasnt food.
Charlie squirmed out of his arms, laughing and slapping at
his hands as he tried to grab her.
Ill be back in five minutes.
She stood back, admiring the view as Rick rolled over onto his
stomach leaving his delectable ass bared for her to ogle. He
peeked up at her and growled.
Five minutes is all Im giving you woman.
Five minutes is all I need. She slapped his butt and barely
avoided the arm that snaked out toward her. With a giggle, she
grabbed her robe from her bedpost and ran from her room. She
stopped to peek in on Connor, but her brother was still fast
asleep. She figured they had about an hour or so before hed stir.
With light feet she took to the stairs, humming a tune as she
entered the kitchen and flipped on the light. She pressed START
on the coffee machine and then retrieved a fruit tray that shed
picked up the day before. She arranged it on her own platter,
before placing it on a serving tray. No sense in letting Rick know
she was pretty hopeless in the kitchen and would rather take
apart a carburetor than cut up fruit in pretty designs.
She leaned against the table, wincing slightly and twisting her
body because some of her muscles were sore. She grinned.
Actually a lot of them were. Jesus, Rick had bent her in more
ways than shed thought possible and she only hoped he was
feeling the strain this morning.
She popped a grape into her mouth and grabbed some
croissants from the cupboard, throwing them onto the tray as
well as the cream and sugar and two coffee mugs. Once the pot
was done she grabbed it and balanced the tray with her free hand
before heading back upstairs.
When she entered her room, Rick was sitting, chest bare and
covers dangerously low as he leaned back against the headboard.
His hair was horribly mussed, but damn, it was a sexy look on
him.
She set the tray onto the table beside her bed and put the pot
of coffee next to it.
Black? she asked, loving the slow smile that spread across
his sensual mouth.
Good memory.
I try.
She poured his cup and handed it to him and then placed the
platter of food onto the bed, before grabbing her own cup of
coffee.
My mother would have a cow if she saw food on the bed,

Charlie said without thinking as she carefully sat beside Rick.
Your mother. He looked puzzled. Does sheis she here in
town?
Shit, Charlie thought, taking a sip of coffee. Why in hell
would she mention her mother? What good could come of that?
She waited a few seconds, trying to think of the right words to
say. How much should she share with a man she didnt know as
well as she would like, but a man who she was having sex with?
Sure they were more than casual, but just what that more was,
she didnt know.
So this is what it felt like to be right smack dab in the middle
of complicated. She decided to be as honest as she could without
baring her soul. She wasnt ready for that. At least not yet.
No, Elizabeth doesnt live here or anywhere close to this
state. My mother left us when Connor was barely a year old.
Wow, thats rough. Im real sorry.
Dont be. Im not.
Liar.
Rick took a sip of coffee and she stared at his long fingers.
Good Lord the pleasure those fingers had given her. She blushed,
thinking about the places theyd been.
Do you keep in touch? he asked.
No. The last time I talked to her was when I left for college. I
found an old letter in Dads stuff with a phone number and tried
it on the off chance it worked. It did and we had the most
awkward conversation of my life.
Thats real shitty.
I dont even know where she is, to be honest with you. Last I
heard she moved to Florida and married some land developer
down there. She bit her lip and tried to push back the ball of
emotion gathering in her chest. That was just after
Whew. She blew out a hot breath and glanced up at Rick. His
eyes were suddenly way too serious. Way too intense. It made
her nervous and panic fluttered inside her stomach.
You dont want to hear the sad story of Charlie Samuels.
Rick leaned forward and she held her breath as his mouth slid
over hers. It was nothing more than a gentle caress, but it
brought tears to her eyes, and she blinked them away as fast as
she could.
I want to know your story, Charlie. I want to know about you
and Connor. But I dont want to pressure you or make you feel as
if you need to share stuff thats private and none of my business.
Believe me, I know what its like to feel like youre under a
microscope. So if this is uncomfortable, then just tell me and I
wont ask.
She studied him for a few seconds, her mind turning and
turning. What were they doing? Did it matter? Did she need a
label to confide in a guy who seemed genuinely interested?
What do you want to know? she asked softly, cradling her
coffee cup, eyes on the dark liquid.
He studied her for a few seconds, that mouth that she loved
curving into a grin. Whats your favorite color?
Blue.
Mexican or Chinese.
Mexican.
Chips or chocolate.
She laughed at that. Easy. Chocolate all the way.
Huh. He took a sip of coffee. I know you like the Bruins, so
weve got sports covered. Whats your favorite song?
Oh my God youre going to hate me.
Yeah? He grinned and leaned closer. How much am I
going to hate you?
She paused and tried not to laugh. Mony Mony.
No.
Oh yeah.
Jesus.
The Billy Idol version. You know the one from the 80s.
Yeah. I got that.
She shrugged. Sorry but my dad used to crank it and wed
rock out.
Okay. No apologies necessary. Music and art are personal.
His eyes darkened, those long lashes blinking slowly as he
watched her closely. What were you studying in college?
For a moment the change in the line of questioning surprised
her and she fiddled with her cup. Engineering.
He whistled. Somehow Im not surprised. Where did you
go?
MIT.
MIT. Shit, thats impressive. Its like the god of engineering
schools, isnt it?
Its one of them. I considered Berkley, but MIT is closer and
it was a good fit. I got a full ride and for a while I lived my dream
you know? I mean, I delayed going by two years because I
couldnt leave my dad with Connor when he was so young. But
when I finally got there I thought that, that was it. I had my
future and I wasnt looking back. She shrugged. And I didnt
until I had to. Until I had no choice.
How long did you attend MIT?
I was about to start my fourth year when my dad...well,
when he passed away. That was two years ago.
There was silence for a few moments and she reached for a
grape, nervous and wanting something to do.
So Im guessing there was no one to look after Connor.
She shook her heard. No. My dads family is scattered all
over the country and my mom, well, her parents are dead and
the only sister that she has is a woman I met once when I was
seven or eight. None of them were interested in us while my dad
was alive and they sure as hell had no interest when he was dead.
I guess my mom came by that honestly.
She laughed, but it was a cold, hard laugh. She sent a card
months after Dad passed away. It was a typical condolence card.
She paused for a moment, lost in the memory. You know the
ones with fancy gold script, and a picture of a rainbow or
heavenly clouds. It was generic. Im sure hundreds of people
have the same card stored away in their funeral boxes. She didnt
include a note or anything. Didnt ask about Connor or how I was
doing. Didnt want to know what arrangements had been made
for her son or what was happening with the family business. She
just
Charlie could see the card as clear as day. She just signed her
name. Elizabeth. She didnt even write, Mom.
Im sorry.
She could tell that he was, but Charlie had already bared
enough and didnt want to talk about the sad state of her life.
What about you? she asked. Whats your story?
Rick looked surprised and, hey now, was that something like
panic in his eyes? Suddenly anxious, she reached for another
grapeat the same time that he didand there went those zigs
and zags that had been haunting them since theyd first met.
She blushed and popped the grape into her mouth, settling back
as she watched him.
I was born in Florida.
She scrunched up her mouth. How old are you?
He grinned. How old do you think I am?
Thirtyish?
Youre good. I turned thirty-one last June.
Your parents? Where are they?
He crossed his arms behind his head. My dad died when I
was a little kid in a car accident and my mother still lives in
Florida. I have a brother whos a pain in the ass and a bunch of
cousins. Were all real close though, so its all good.
Whats your brothers name?
He hesitated and then exhaled slowly. If Charlie didnt know
better, shed think he was hiding something.
Cooper,
 Rick said, watching her closely.
Huh,
 she replied. I like that name. Its different.
He tugged at the edge of the blanket, fiddling with a loose
thread. Actually Rick is short for my full name.
Ah. Finally. She was getting something good. Charlie inched
forward, a grin on her face. And that would be?
Maverick.
For a moment she didnt know what to day. She knew a
Maverick. But the Maverick that she knew was a little grey and
white schnauzer with a mean growl and an attitude to match.
Charlie studied Rick closely, angling her head. You look like
a Maverick. I like it.
Maverick Simon. Thats me. His eyes were dark and the
way he was looking at her was intense. If she didnt know better,
shed think that something was up. She was just about to ask
him another question when his cell phone rang.
Really? she said sliding off the bed. She rifled through his
jeans and tossed him his phone. Black Sabbath? She was
teasing, but Rick didnt seem to notice.
He grabbed his phone and she set her mug down and tried not
to eavesdrop.
Any news? he asked, sliding off the bed and grabbing up his
jeans. What? Are you kidding me? He swore and sat back down
on the bed.
Okay. Charlie was made no effort to hide her eavesdropping.
Who was he talking to? Why did he suddenly seem so upset?
For several long moments, Rick listened to whoever was on
the other end, his shoulders hunched forward, his forehead
resting in the palm of his hand.
Yeah,
 he eventually said. Im on my way. He slid his
jeans on, not bothering to look for his boxers and put his
cellphone into his back pocket as he turned around to face her.
Every trace of their evening was gone. Instead of that sensual
smile she wanted, his mouth was grim, his eyes dark and
worried. Charlie handed him his shirt and stepped back as he
pulled it over his head. She was cold and wrapped her arms
around herself, waiting
Nobody stays.
The thought echoed inside her head and she shivered,
pushing it away. This wasnt like that. They werent there yet.
They couldnt be there yet.
Charlie, I gotta go,
 Rick said slowly, running his hands
through his hair. I have to go home.
She swallowed hard, nodding. Isnt this what shed been
expecting?
Home as in your brothers place? Or home as in She
searched his face, her head full of so many questions but too
afraid to ask. It wasnt her business.
No. Home as in Florida. Theres been... He blew out a hot
breath and shook his head. Somethings happened. Its a
family thing and I wish I had time to explain it all but I dont.
He strode toward her and buried his hands in her hair, pulling
her close for a bittersweet kiss that made her stomach flutter
and her knees weak. She sagged against him and didnt care
because suddenly she felt like crying.
Her. Charlie Samuels felt like crying over a guy.
Im sorry to leave like this, but my family needs me.
I know. Go be with them.
Ill call you in a couple days and explain everything. I
promise.
Sure,
 she said softly, attempting a smile.
Nobody stays. Everyone leaves.
With one more urgent kiss to her lips, Rick once more
whispered that he was sorry and walked away, leaving her alone
in her bedroom. A bedroom that still smelled like them.
Charlie hugged herself, trying to find some kind of comfort.
She didnt want him to leave, but she had no reason to make him
stay. They werent a thing. Hell, they werent even close to being
a thing. Shed only just found out his name.. Yet she couldnt
stop wondering
Was he coming back?
A
17
fter taking care of a few things at his brothers place,
Maverick headed to the airport. His seat had already been
booked, courtesy of his cousin Jack, and several hours later he
landed in Miami. The flight had been uneventful and the only
person besides him in first class had slept the entire journey.
Even though the flight attendant kept looking his way, and
most probably knew who he was, she didnt bother him beyond
asking after refreshments. Hed taken a double scotch but had
nursed it for most of the flight.
Have a good evening,
 said the flight attendant, Rose
according to her nametag, as he rose from his seat. He smiled
and gave a curt nod before exiting the plane. As he disembarked
down the jet way, he pulled his ball cap low over his forehead
and reached into his pocket for his aviators. Damn, they were in
his carryon and he didnt feel like fishing through the bag.
If he were in any other airport in the country (other than LA
but that was a whole other ballgame), he wouldnt worry. But
here in Miami the Simons were well known and sightings of
them were common. With the recent turn of events Maverick
decided to play it safehe sure as hell didnt feel like talking to
anyone, especially about his cousin Teagueand kept the ball
cap tugged low.
He wasnt going there. Not yet.
Maverick walked through the airport wearing only jeans and a
T-shirt and he wondered how cold it was back in Fishermans
Landing. Funny how in the space of a few weeks, the place had
grown on him.
Or rather, one woman had managed to get under his skin.
Shaken from his thoughts by his vibrating cellphone,
Maverick fished it out of the pocket of his jeans and narrowly
avoided a collision with a woman and her rambunctious toddler.
Sorry,
 she said with a smile as he passed.
No problem.
The kid darted in front of him again and she pulled the child
back, her expression one of exasperation. Maverick offered a
small smile before glancing at his cell to see who was trying to
reach him. It was his brother Cooper.
Hey, arent you Her words faded to nothing as he held his
cell to his ear, issued a curt shake of the head, and picked up the
pace.
Im out front,
 Cooper said.
Im in the terminal. Ill be there in two minutes.
Just look for the pink Volkswagen.
Pink as in pink?
Is there any other kind? Bright fucking pink. The level of
annoyance in his brothers voice was high, so high that for the
first time since hed left Charlie, a genuine smile broke open on
Mavericks face. He maneuvered around a group of teens, his
eyes on the exit. I cant wait to hear the story behind this.
You have no idea.
It better be good.
The details dont matter, but Grace better watch her back
because paybacks gonna be a bitch.
Ah. That explained it. His cousin, Grace. She was a hellion
with a heart of gold and was always on Coopers back about
something.
Mavericks grin was still firmly in place when he exited the
airport and spied the car. It wasnt hard to miss, the damn think
stood out like a pink flamingo among a crowd of crows. He
walked over and slapped the window before tossing his bag into
the back and sliding into the passenger seat. It was a miracle
that both Simon men could fit inside the car because it sure as
hell was small.
Its not so bad,
 Maverick quipped as Cooper pulled away
from the curb.
Sure. If youre a hobbit with a fetish for pink.
Maverick tossed his ball cap behind him and sighed, sinking
into the seat and taking a moment to relax. He glanced at his
brother, noting the tight mouth and grim look on his face. Guess
there was no relaxing to be had.
Thought you were in Belize,
 Maverick said. When did you
get in?
Last night. I got Jacks message and since I was on my way
home anyway, I detoured to Florida.
Anymore news? Maverick asked quietly. He hadnt heard
anything from Jack since the phone call this morning. Hed tried
Donovans cell, but she wasnt picking upbut then the woman
lost more cell phones than the average person and last he heard,
she was waiting for another new one.
Cooper stopped at a red light and sighed, shaking his head.
Nothing other than what Jack learned late last night.
So its confirmed. Teague is being held.
Cooper nodded. I still cant believe it. The light changed to
green and they took off, speeding onto the highway as they
headed for the Keys and the Simon family compound.
Yeah,
 Maverick murmured, eyes looking to the red and
orange glow in the distance as the sun began to set. So they
dont know who these clowns are or what political affiliation
they have?
No.
Jack said that theyre not even sure what country hes being
held in right now? 
Cooper swore and hit the steering wheel, his face a mask of
anger. How the fuck are we going to get Teague back if we cant
even nail down his location?
Maverick didnt answer his brother because there was
nothing to say. Cooper was pretty much voicing the same thing
hed bee thinking the entire flight home.
I havent tapped into any social media or watched any news.
Does the press know that hes a confirmed captive? Maverick
asked.
No. Jacks guy filled him in on the condition that it remains
confidential. The government doesnt want this to become a
media shit show, although because of the initial leaks, theyre
behind the eight ball on that one. But so far theyre just
rehashing the original story that hes missing and presumed
taken. They dont know that its Teagues reality. Right now all
theyve got is speculation, but how long before another leak gets
out? Once they know for sure Teagues one of the guys taken
theyll have a field day.
I hate to point this out, brother, but if were all at the
compound, theyre going to know somethings up.
Thats why were going in by boat.
That made sense. How are Eden and Noah handling
everything? His aunt and uncle were like parents to him. In
fact, Maverick had pretty much grown up at their house.
Theyre about as good as youd expect. Shes holding
everyone together. Cooking food like were battening down for a
hurricane and fussing over everyone. But Ive never seen Uncle
Noah look soso damn lost. Cooper glanced over to Maverick,
his blue eyes intense. By the way, Moms here too.
That was a surprise. He thought she was still in the Bahamas.
It will be good to see her.
Cooper laughed. Just remember you said that when we get
there, because she didnt come alone.
Great,
 Maverick murmured. That wasnt a surprise. Whos
the new guy?
His name is Theodore, but he told me I can call him Theo.
Ive been calling him Teddy.
Maverick snorted.
Hes from somewhere in EuropeMonte Carlo I thinkand
apparently descended from royalty.
Impressive.
Yeah, whatever,
 Cooper said with a grin. Hes also about
fifteen years younger mom.
Maverick groaned and rubbed his temples. A nasty headache
was creeping up the back of his skull, and he wanted nothing
more than a cold beer, a turn in the hot tub and a quiet evening
with his cousins.
He loved his mother, but Jesus Christ she was high
maintenance. The woman was never happy. To Mavericks way
of thinking, she seemed lost. Shed been married and divorced
more than once and never seemed satisfied with what she had.
Shed once told Maverick that none of the men she married
could hold a candle to his father. And when Maverick had asked
her why she would marry a man she didnt love, shed shrugged
and said that it was better than being alone. That having a little
bit of happiness, even for just a while, was better than a lifetime
of loneliness.
The thing of it was, what his mother called a little bit of
happiness was nothing more than a Band-Aid. It was called
settling for less and it never lasted.
He thought of Charlie and the life she had, running the family
business and raising a young brother on her own. She was so
damn strong.
A slow smile curved his mouth. She was the kind of woman
who would never settle.
He wondered what kind of man she would accept into that
life, and he frowned, not liking the thought of her and someone
else.
What the hell is up with you anyway? Cooper asked. And
dont bullshit me, because I know its more than Teague. Youve
got this weird look on your face.
Startled, Maverick jerked his head to the left and knew that
he was busted. Cooper had an insane ability to pick up on stuff.
There was no point in deflecting or denying. The guys bullshit
meter was bang on.
I met someone.
Cooper whistled. Now were talking. Where?
Maverick shot him an irritated glance. Bogota. Where the
hell do you think?
The look on his brothers face was comical. You met
someone in Maine? In Fishermans Landing?
Gotta say Coop. Youre on the ball today.
His brother exited the highway and they continued onto the
Keys. Who is she? Cooper asked, ignoring Mavericks sarcasm.
Maverick clamped his jaw tightly. There was history here,
between the two of them, and some of it wasnt pretty. To put it
bluntly, his brother was a man-whore and, up until a few years
ago, would screw anything that moved, including his brother
Mavericks girlfriend.
Of course that was water under the bridge now, but at the
time Cooper claimed hed been doing Maverick a favor (which he
had, apparently the girl in question had a hit list that included all
the Simon boys and had already slept with Teague). It had
happened when Maverick was twenty-two and his brother was
twenty-five. Theyd settled it like guys generally do. The settling
had involved alcohol, fists, a broken rib (Mavericks) a broken
nose (Coopers) and about two thousand dollars of damage done
to a hotel room.
When the dust had settled, the girl was long gone and the
brothers were drunk, sore, andthe score was settledthey
were stuck with each other.
Whats it to you? Maverick shot back.
Cooper shrugged. Just curious is all. His brother grinned.
Is she hot?
Maverick swore.
So shes hot.
What she is, is none of your business,
 he retorted.
Well she kinda is if shes involved with you. Coopers voice
changed and there was some edge to it. Maine is my retreat. Its
my place to go and disappear and I sure as hell want to keep it
that way. Cooper glanced his way. Does she know who you
are?
No,
 Maverick barked. At least I dont think so.
What the hell is that supposed to mean? Does she or doesnt
she?
It means that I told her my name and as far as I can tell, it
means nothing to her. Hell, its not as if either one of us is Beauthe-movie-star
or Jack-the-politician. Were just the cousins.
Well when you put it that way,
 Cooper said dryly.
Maverick swore and glanced out the window. America had
been fascinated by the Simons for decades. Whether it was their
wealth, their looks, or their political aspirations, they were
known as the Southern Kennedysa comparison that was
getting old. And even though Maverick or Cooper werent in
movies or making policy, they attracted their share of attention.
The only good side was that Mavericks name wasnt nearly as
recognizable as Beaus or Jacks. He liked it that way and these
days most of his notoriety came from his association with
Donovan James and
Yeah, well it wasnt my naked ass plastered all over the
Internet. Trust me, Elle Mason is milking that for all its worth.
Which reminds me. She called the other day.
What? Who? Maverick turned back to his brother with a
frown.
Elle. Shes pissed that you arent returning her emails or
text messages.
Christ, that woman never gave up. Shell be waiting until
hell freezes over.
Something tells me that as long as the publicity machine
keeps turning, shell be willing to wait that long.
Maverick didnt want to talk about Elle. Look, you dont need
to worry about Charlie. Even if she knew who we are, or who
were related to, she wouldnt talk. Its just not the way she is.
Shes not like that.
I guess well find out sooner or later,
 Cooper replied as he
pulled into a marina about a half an hour from the family
compound. He parked and nodded toward the water. Ive got
Jacks boat. Lets head out.
Maverick grabbed his bag from the back of the car and
checked his cell phone before following his brother to the boat.
There was a message from his mother. A missed call from
Cooper.
And nothing else.
Not that hed been expecting something from Charlie. Mainly
because hed said that he would call her, but mostly because it
wasnt her style. She wasnt the clingy type. He debated whether
to place a call before heading out, but Cooper shouted at him to
hurry the hell up. Maverick pocketed his cell and decided that
hed call her later when he had some time. And better yet, when
he was alone.
He strode toward the boat, glad that hed be seeing his family
in less than an hour, but sad that one of them wasnt going to be
there. He glanced up at the night sky as he hopped on board The
Donnie. The stars were just beginning to show their faces and he
wondered if Teague could see them.
Wherever the hell he was.
B
18
y noon Charlie knew that her day was going to run late.
Theyd closed the shop Saturday because of the sled run and
subsequently were overbooked. That was a direct result of
several sleds that had come into the shop with varying degrees
of damage, all caused from the run. All of the bays were full and
there were two cars and three skidoos parked outside.
Normally Davis had Mondays off, but today they were both
working and it looked as if theyd be working through lunch.
Which was fine. She wasnt all that hungry and she needed a
distraction.
We have another car coming in,
 Davis said, walking into
the shop area from the front.
Charlie slid out from under the truck she was working on.
Theres no room. All the bays are full.
Ill make room,
 Davis said with a grin. Trust me, we want
this car in the shop.
Whatever,
 she muttered, sliding back underneath the
Chevy.
What the hell is your problem today? Davis chirped,
somewhere beyond her line of vision.
She could give him a list that was a mile long, but none of it
would be the reason for her foul mood.
Why the hell are you in such a good mood? she countered.
Seriously. The guy had been whistling and singing all morning
and Davis never sang. If Charlie had to hear him sing about
rolling windows down and cruising one more time, she just
might explode. It was as if Davis was crapping rainbows or
something.
Or something.
Wheeling out from underneath the truck once more, Charlie
rolled over onto the cold concrete and got to her feet.
You got laid,
 she said loudly, hands on her hips. She didnt
mean it to sound like an accusation but it so did.
Excuse me? Davis shoved his hands into the pockets of his
coveralls, pinned her with a look that told her everything. He
looked good. Satisfied. Sing-song satisfied.
You got laid,
 she repeated, rubbing her greasy hands along
the thighs of her work clothes. Thats why youre in such a good
mood. I mean really Davis, youre whistling the theme song from
Rocky for Christ sake.
He shrugged. Well, if I got laid, isnt it my business?
Nice try,
 she replied, walking toward him and not stopping
until she was a few inches away. Who is she?
But she didnt give Davis a chance to answer. Her mind raced
and she thought back to Saturday night. Hed been in a mood
because Ava was on the sled run with Seth, so she was
guessing
Okay, so you had angry sex
What the hell is angry sex? Davis asked, face screwed up in
mock horror. Pardon my language but that sounds fucking
painful.
Men.
Angry sex is when youre pissed at someone so you take it
out on someone else.
Thats calculating and cold.
She shrugged. Not many guys care. Trust me, they like angry
sex.
That makes no sense.
Charlie was in the mood to argue. She crossed her hands over
her chest.
It makes perfect sense.
Davis leaned against the vehicle he was working on and
crossed his legs. So let me get this straight. You think that I was
pissed at someone.
I know you were.
Huh. And who would that someone be?
Oh my God, Davis. Really? You were mad at Ava.
His eyes narrowed a bit. So you think that because I was mad
at Ava
So you admit it!
I admit to nothing, but lets get back to the angry sex thing.
You think I was mad at Ava and the way I dealt with it was to
bang some woman from Springs Falls?
I knew it. Charlie danced in a circlenot quite a twerk but
damn close. Was it Cheryl Baines?
No.
Rosalyn Pope?
He shook his head. Nope.
Tiffany Sykes.
Jesus, no. Shes almost as old as my mother.
Thinking hard, Charlie crossed the shop and retrieved a water
bottle from her workbench. Who the hell had been at the
gathering in Springs Falls?
Got it,
 she shouted, striding back toward Davis as if shed
just pitched the winning strike in the World Series. Lisa
Vanderbirken.
Ah, that would be a hell no. Her husband is built like a
freaking Mack Truck and I play hockey with him on Monday
nights.
Oh, right. I forgot they got back together. She frowned.
Well, who the hell was it then?
Davis leaned forward, a wicked smile on his face, and
shrugged. That would be none of your business.
Bastard,
 she said, gruffly, trying not to smile. Lord knows
the guy needed someone to take his mind off of Ava.
Dont worry, Samuels. Ill fill you in someday. He paused, a
big ass smirk on his face. Maybe.
She tossed her water bottle at him, but he caught it and took a
long drink himself.
Just then the last bay door opened and Ken, the tow-truck
guy, popped his head inside.
Charlie smiled and walked over. Hey Ken, what cha got?
Ken was a tall, lanky man, on the wrong side of sixty with a
balding head that was perpetually shiny, and one that had never
seen a warm hat. He had a ready smile, sparkling green eyes and
an Adams apple that was quite something. Sometimes people
had to tell themselves to keep their eyes above the neckit was
that distracting.
At least Charlie did.
What I got is a real beauty,
 he said with a wide grin. He
glanced around, eyes questioning. Looks like theres no room?
Hold on, Ken,
 Davis said. Im done with this F-150 and
can move it outside until the customer comes back for it.
Right,
 Ken said. Ill move my rig and give you some room.
Charlie nodded. Okay, you guys get it figured out. Im going
to grab some coffee and get back to work.
By the time she walked out to the front desk area and
returned with a hot cup of coffee, the truck that Davis had been
working on was gone and in its place was the Shelby.
Just the sight of it spiked her heart rate and Charlie hustled
over, interrupting Ken and Davis. Where the hell did that come
from? She moved so that she could see around Ken, but there
was no one else there.
Ken looked a little unsure and Davis smiled at the tow truck
driver, offering his hand. Thanks for bringing it by.
You bet,
 Ken replied before turning to Charlie. I told you
she was a beaut. She sure is in good hands.
Charlie nodded and as soon as the bay door slid back into
place, she walked over to the car.
Why is the Shelby here?
Davis took another sip from the water bottle shed tossed him
earlier. I told Rick wed work on it.
And when exactly did you do that?
Yesterday morning when he called me.
Oh,
 she said, a little surprised.
He said that he had to go back to Florida and he wasnt sure
how long hed be gone. He asked if it would be all right to have
the Shelby delivered and I said yes.
You should have asked me first.
I figured he did.
Oh, and why is that? She knew she sounded childish, but
for some reason she couldnt help herself.
Well because he said hed just left your place and since it was
not even nine oclock in the morning, I knew hed spent the
night. Daviss eyes softened. Havent you talked to him since
he left?
Shit. Charlie whirled around and headed back to the truck she
was working on. No I havent.
Ah, now I get it.
You got shit,
 she retorted over her shoulder.
Youre in a pissy mood because he hasnt called you, so why
dont you just buck up and admit it?
She slid beneath the truck once more, heart still beating
rapidly and her emotions all over the place. What the hell was
wrong with her?
Why dont you admit that you had angry sex? she shot
back, because you know, she was so damn mature.
Davis laughed. Trust me. If I had angry sex, Id be the first to
admit to it. But I didnt.
Youre lying.
I didnt say that I never had sex. I just said that it wasnt
angry.
Wait. What?
For the second time in less than twenty minutes, Charlie slid
out from underneath the vehicle. Jesus. If they kept this up,
nothing would get fixed today.
She nailed Davis with a no-nonsense look. Well if you didnt
have angry sex with someone, then you had
Her eyes widened and when a slow grin curved along Daviss
mouth, she jumped to her feet. You and Ava? she asked
incredulously.
Davis shrugged. Im not one to kiss and tell.
But I talked to her yesterday afternoon. She didnt say
anything.
Thats because I was still there and we were in her hot tub.
Ewww. I dont want to hear this,
 Charlie said, backing
away.
Naked in her hot tub.
She smiled. Its about time, you know. You guys have been
dancing around each other for years. I dont know why you never
hooked up before.
Sometimes timing sucks.
She thought of Rick just then, and damn, were those hot tears
threatening the corners of her eyes? Why the hell was she
getting so goddamn emotional? She was going to chalk it up to
PMS and get on with her day.
Yeah, I get that,
 she replied, turning back to her truck.
Hell call you, you know.
Charlie turned her head to the side. I know.
But did she really? Was she so sure that hed call? What did
she really know about the guy other than his name, Rick Simon?
NoMaverick Simon.
He also arranged for a delivery to your house.
Thank God she hadnt slid beneath the truck again, because
this was getting ridiculous.
A delivery?
Yes, something for Connor, I think. A surprise, according to
Ken. Hes got it on his rig and I hope you dont mind, but I ah, I
gave him the code to your back door so he could get into your
place.
That emotion pressed harder and she felt her cheeks burn as
Charlie struggled to keep her shit together.
A surprise.
I wonder what it is? she asked softly.
Davis smiled as he reached for his mask and blowtorch.
Guess youll have to wait until you get home to find out.
I guess so,
 she murmured, and then jerked her head up.
Why did you tell me if it was supposed to be a surprise?
Why do you think? Davis replied. Because youve been in a
shit mood all day and we still have five or six hours to go until we
can call it quits. I did it for my own mental health.
Well, thanks then.
No problem.
So you and Ava
Forget it, Samuels. Im not sharing.
She giggled and for what she hoped was going to be the last
time, slid underneath the truck. She waited a few heartbeats and
then when her nerves were settled, began to work.
B
19
y Monday afternoon, Teagues status and whereabouts was
still unknown. It was hardthe not knowingbut with a house
full of Simons, there was room for some lightness considering
the somber occasion. Its how they were, his family, and
Maverick hadnt realized how much he missed them all until
hed seen their faces.
He loved them. Plain and simple. But the problem with family
was that they dont leave you alone, and hed been hankering for
some alone time for hours. If only he could find five minutes to
make a phone call, hed be one happy guy. By the time hed
managed to grab some time the night before, it was nearly one in
the morning, and he didnt want to call Charlie that late. He
knew shed be in bed and he didnt want to be responsible for
disturbing her sleep.
He smiled to himself. Lord knew the woman had barely
gotten any the night before.
Maverick grabbed a cold beer from the cooler and leaned
against the boathouse. It was still hot and muggy, more than
normal for this time of the year, but the breeze from the ocean
kept his skin cooled.
He glanced up to the two-tiered decking that ran the length
of his Uncles house and spied his mother, her new boy toy
Theodore, Tuckers fianc Abby, and Aunt Eden. Donovan was
just weeks away from giving birth and had gone up to her room
for a nap and well, Uncle Noah hadnt left his office much over
the past twelve hours.
Cooper, Jack, and Tucker were sitting at the end of the dock,
voices muted as they talked. And just coming in off the water
was his cousin Grace. Shed taken the Jet Ski out but hadnt
managed to convince anyone else to go. None of the guys seemed
to have it in them.
Maverick took a long gulp from his beer bottle and set it
down, walking over to the lift so that he could help Grace
maneuver the machine into place.
Thanks,
 she said, jumping off the Jet Ski. She tossed her
bright orange and blue life jacket and nodded to him. Anymore
of those left or did the boys drink them all?
I think youre in luck,
 he replied, grabbing a bottle and
opening it for her. Graces wet hair was plastered to her neck,
the blond ends now vibrant blue spikes.
How long have you had that look? he asked with a wry grin.
The last time hed seen her, half of her head had been shaved,
and the other half had been pinkor maybe it was purple. Or
both. He got her need to express herselfhed been doing it for
years.
She shrugged. A week? Maybe?
With a sigh, she joined him and leaned back against the
building, shading her eyes from the sun. I dont think Beau and
Betty are coming.
No, thats what Jack said.
Probably for the best. If those two showed up, it would send
the press into a feeding frenzy.
The couples publicist had just announced Bettys pregnancy
forced to because of rampant rumorsand at the moment, a
Betty Jo Barker pregnancy bump was worth big bucks. With a
possible family tragedy added to the mix, the press was
relentless.
As it was, even though he and Cooper had arrived by boat the
night before, theyd apparently been spotted on the water and
the press could smell a story. Their numbers outside the
compound had doubled overnight.
How you holding up? he asked.
Grace shrugged. About as well as everyone else. Her voice
wavered a bit. Moms hard as a rock, you know? And the boys
its Tucker Im worried about. I dont know if its a twin thing or
what, but he seems really rattled.
Maverick glanced over to his cousin and nodded. Tucker had
been quiet the night before, brooding almost, and it wasnt the
norm for him. But then, these werent normal circumstance.
Cooper joined them just then, grabbing the last beer from the
cooler and pointing up to the deck. Grace, I think your mother
made enough food to feed a small army.
She likes to cook when shes upset. Its what she does.
Yeah,
 Cooper said softy. He picked at the label on the bottle
in his hands. So whats new with you these days? Are you still
in school?
Maverick took a few steps back as his brother and cousin
passed the time making small talk about a bunch of stuff that
didnt matter all that much. At least not right now.
With nerves strung so tight his shoulders were sore, Maverick
rolled his neck and grabbed up his cell from his pocket. He
quickly scrolled through several messages from work colleagues
and acquaintances offering support, or just letting him know
they were thinking of him and his family.
There was nothing from Charlie.
Why the hell dont you just call her,
 Cooper said.
Call who? Grace piped up, eyes wide and full of questions.
Cooper grinned. Mavericks got a new girlfriend.
Really? Who is she?
Maverick fingered the cell for a moment. Girlfriend. Huh.
Hed never really thought of what he had going on with Charlie
in those terms, but they were more than just friends, and they
sure as hell were more than friends with benefits. Hed done that
before and this different.
So what exactly was she? Maybe it was time for him to find
out.
Well Grace. Her name is Charlotte, but everyone calls her
Charlie.
Oh, Charlie. I like that. His cousin was practically dancing
in place, but then again, what young woman in her early
twenties didnt love hearing about someone elses love life?
What does she do? Like whats her job? Grace asked. Is
she a musician?
Yeah, I wouldnt mind a bit more information,
 Cooper
added.
Maverick chuckled. You just want to see a picture.
Damn right I do and clothing is optional.
Grace smacked Cooper in the arm. Youre disgusting.
Trust me Grace,
 Cooper responded with a grin. Most guys
are disgusting. Its how were wired.
Maverick took a moment, enjoying the lightness. Shes a
mechanic.
A mechanic? Graces head whipped around so fast that it
was comical.
That would be correct. Mechanic. She owns her own garage
and right now, shes restoring Coopers Shelby.
Stop right there, brother. Coopers grin was replaced with a
dark frown. That car is worth a small fortune. Trust me, you
dont want to know what I paid for it. Its a 67 for Christ sake.
I know.
Well I appreciate the thought but you dont hand over that
car to just anyone.
Shes not just anyone,
 Maverick replied, not liking his
brothers tone.
Down boys,
 Grace teased, though the look in her eyes was
questioning when she glanced up at Maverick.
No, I guess shes not. His brother continued to watch him a
little too closely for his liking, and Maverick took a long drink
from his beer bottle.
So,
 Graces mouth twisted as she stared at him with those
Simon blue eyes. Where exactly did you meet this woman and
why do you have Coopers car? Maverick had to give it to her.
The girl didnt miss a thing.
He glanced at his brother and shrugged. Hed let him handle
the details.
Ive got a place in Maine,
 Cooper said hesitantly.
Maine? Well thats random,
 Grace replied, though she
didnt press further.
Mavericks been staying out there and apparently hes
banging the local mechanic.
One more dig and Maverick would flatten his brother.
Cooper, youre such an asshole,
 Grace said, shoving her
cousin. Maverick Im glad youve found a new girlfriend. Dont
let Cooper get to you, because Mom doesnt need to deal with a
family brawl.
Grace moved to the end of the dock and slid between her
brothers. She looked tiny next to them and Maverick watched as
she linked her arm through Tuckers, and leaned her head on his
shoulder.
Suddenly feeling defeated, Maverick swore and had to look
away.
Well get him back,
 Cooper muttered.
Maverick wanted to believe his brother, but the reality was
that life was fragile and uncertain at the best of times. No one
knew when the end was near until you were looking that bastard
right in the eye.
So,
 Cooper said after a while. A mechanic. Thats really
hot.
Yeah. It is. He paused. Shes raising a young brother on
her own.
Coopers eyebrow shot up. Thats a big responsibility.
Yep.
Let me get this straight. This girl with a boys name runs the
local garage, can restore a vintage Mustang, and shes raising her
brother.
Yep.
And shes hot.
Maverick grinned. Definitely.
So when can I meet her?
Maverick glanced at his brother and flashed a smile. I dont
know if shes ready for this family.
Well, brother. Theres only one way to find out. Cooper
slapped him on the back. You should call her before she decides
youre not worth the trouble.
Cooper left him to join Jack, Tucker, and Grace. Maverick
fingered his cell, noting that it was nearly six oclock. Charlie
should be home.
He pressed her cell number and waited for the phone to ring.
After a few seconds the call dropped and he swore, pressing the
number again. This time the connection was strong and he
waited impatiently for her to answer.
He paced the length of the dock, one hand shoved into the
pockets of his cargoes, the other holding his cell tightly. Just
when he thought it was going to go to her voice mail, Charlie
answered, voice breathless, and so damn sexy that he came to a
full stop.
Rick?
Hey,
 he answered, glad that she couldnt see the silly grin
on his face.
Hey, yourself.
He exhaled and ran his free hand through his hair. Sorry I
didnt call last night but my family is here, and by the time I got
a chance it was late. I didnt want to wake you.
Thats sweet. If youre going to wake me up Id prefer it in
person anyway.
Her innuendo was on point, and Mavericks blood began to
boil.
Ill remember that,
 he growled into the phone.
I hope so.
Count on it.
Rick, II dont know what to say. I mean, Connor was so
happy when he came home from Mrs. Kratzs. Hes been playing
the keyboard for the last hour. Can you hear him?
She must have walked into another room and held the phone
away. He smiled when he heard Connor playing the keys. It made
Maverick feel like hed done something to make a difference.
Good. Im glad.
Seriously. Its the best thing ever. I dont know what I can do
to thank you.
His chest rumbled. Oh, darlin
, I can think of a lot of
things.
Is that so,
 she answered, her husky voice full of sex and
dark chocolate. Youll have to let me know what they are when
youre back. She paused. I mean, I guess I shouldnt
assume
Im coming back. As the Stones had said, Wild Horses
wouldnt keep him away. I just dont know when.
So your family is okay? Is everything all right?
There was so much he wanted to tell her, but it didnt feel
right to explain it all over the phone. Its complicated. One of
my cousins is in trouble and right now, were just waiting on
news. It might not end well.
Oh Rick, Im so sorry. Ill say a prayer.
You dont strike me as the religious type, but Ill take
anything that I can get.
Im not religious, not in the traditional sense anyway, but
that doesnt mean I dont have faith. This might sound corny,
but I believe that all things happen for a reason. Even the awful
things. And when were at our lowest, faith is what gets us
through. Faith can be whatever version of God you believe in, or
it can be as simple as the belief that all of us are connected.
Would this woman ever stop surprising him? Thanks for
that. I appreciate the thought.
No problem,
 she said softly.
Theres a lot you dont know about me,
 he began.
Oh my God. You are a serial killer.
He laughed. That would still be a no.
You have been in jail.
Again, no.
Rick, its all good. I dont need to know your familys darkest
secrets.
He frowned, chest tight as the realization hit him square in
the chest. Thing is, Charlie,
 he murmured. I want you to
know everything.
For a few moments there was silence and then she cleared her
throat.
You know where I am,
 she said softly. Ill be waiting. She
paused. And thinking.
He shook his head and grinned. Thinking about what?
IT.
IT. Hot damnthe images that sprang to mind.
Yes, IT. She giggled.
Im glad I got to hear your voice. Its made things better.
Glad I could help,
 she whispered into the phone. And
Rick?
Yeah.
A heartbeat passed. I Her voice trailed off and for a few
seconds, there was nothing but silence.
I know,
 he said, clearing his throat. Ill call you when I
know more.
Okay. No worries. I gotta run though. Connor needs dinner
and leftovers arent going to cut it tonight.
See you soon,
 he said, thinking that perhaps he should
have said more. But what did you say to someone you were in an
undefined relationship with?
Shit. Had he just thought of the R-word?
The phone went dead and he pocketed it once more. I know,
hed said. What a bunch of bull, because Maverick didnt know
shit. Charlie Samuels was rocking his world but he had no idea
how long the ride would last.
And for the first time in his life, he realized that he wanted it
to last a long, long time. The ball was in his court so to speak, so
the question was, what was he going to do about it?
C
20
harlie should have known that Saturday was going to be a shit
show. Davis was sickdown with the fluand not only was her
shop full, shed promised Jackie from the diner that shed get
her car back to working order. The fuel pump was toast and her
carburetor was running like crap. Of course the fuel pump shed
ordered hadnt come in on account of another snowstorm
moving into the region, and she had more oil changes than she
could handle.
And for what had to be the tenth time in less than an hour,
the business line rang and by the time she reached the phone,
whoever the hell it was on the other end hung up without leaving
a message.
Charlie glared across the garage at the extension, extending
her middle finger when the bright orange light lit up as the darn
thing rang again. No way was she running for it. If they didnt
want to leave a message, then screw em.
She glanced around her shop and sighed. Its not like she had
time for anymore work anyway.
She decided to get her oil changes done so that she could
move the vehicles out of her shop. With the Shelby taking up her
last bay, she was short on space.
The Shelby.
She eyed the Mustang with an appreciation that was genuine.
Damn, but it was a hot looking piece. She just wished.
She wished her dad were here to see it.
As always, thoughts of her father brought a lump to her
throat, and today Charlie didnt have time for lumps or phone
calls or even another cup of coffee. She got to work and wasnt
sure how much time had passed when the door to her shop
swung open. She smiled when she spied Ava and when she saw
the take out bag from A Charmed Life, she fist pumped.
Please tell me thats chowder,
 Charlie said, reaching for a
rag. The fact that she had no time to spare didnt matter when it
came to Jackies husbands chowder. She caught a whiff and her
stomach growled. Loudly.
I heard that,
 Ava said with a giggle, setting the bag on the
workbench. They both slid onto the high stools and while the
radio played some old Lynard Skynard, Charlie and Ava dug into
hot biscuits and the best clam chowder on the East Coast.
Thanks for this,
 Charlie said after shed eaten half of her
bowl. I was starving.
Ava shrugged, a soft smile on her face. I thought you might
be. Davis is home sick with the flu and I know that Rick is gone
for a few days, so I thought Id help a girl out.
Charlie bit off the end of a biscuit and raised an eyebrow.
You could help a girl out by filling her in on the current status
of your relationship with said girls best friend.
Avas face broke wide open with the biggest smile ever. Oh
my God, Charlie. I know right? She frowned. Wait. He didnt
give you any details?
Nope. Nothing.
Ava stirred her bowl of soup for a few seconds. Thats so
sweet.
Yeah. I guess it is, except I want to know how the hell it
happened.
Ava burst out laughing. Well, Charlie you take A and insert it
into B and
Thats not what I mean. She made a face. And ewwww.
Not only have I known Davis my whole life, I work with him
every day. I dont need to picture him buck naked doing the
nasty with you. She paused and winked. In the hot tub.
Holy hell, but the hot tub was amazing. He did this thing
where he
Youre veering away from the details that I want,
 Charlie
said, giggling. Seriously. It took you forever to hook up when
everyone in town knows it should have happened years ago.
Ava took a biscuit from the bag and nibbled on the end of it.
She shrugged. Ive always liked him. You know that. I mean,
hes Davis. Hes got everything. Looks. Personality. But he was
always a player.
Most guys are until they meet the one the girl who knocks
them on their ass.
Ava frowned and shoved another piece of biscuit into her
mouth. I know, Charlie, but hes Davis. The guy can charm a
nun out of her panties. He flirts with everybody and the few
times that I thought maybe there was something there, well, I
dont know. She shrugged. I didnt do anything about it.
Charlie was surprised. Thats not like you, Ava. If you knew
he was into you, why the hell wouldnt you just go for it?
Because I was afraid.
Afraid?
Ava nodded. I think deep down I always knew Davis could be
that one guy who could be everything to me. I was afraid to act
on my feelings because I was afraid of getting hurt. Afraid that
he wouldnt feel the same or that for whatever reason, it
wouldnt work out.
Charlie was silent for a few moments. I get that.
So it seemed better to just ignore how I felt and hope that Id
meet someone else, you know?
Yes,
 she murmured, thinking of Rick and not liking just
how much he was coming to mean to her. Was Charlie setting
herself up to take another hit?
The phone rang out again and she swore.
Youre not going to get that? Ava asked.
Hell no. I want the details. What happened on Saturday to
change your mind about Davis? She dug into her bowl of
chowder, grinning as Ava blushed.
The band was playing some slow song and Davis grabbed me
to dance
But Davis doesnt dance.
Exactly. Avas grin widened. Anyway, the song went on
and on and I dont know, there was something about how he was
looking at me. How he was holding me. And I glanced over to
Seth and I realized Seth was just a place holder.
Ouch.
It sounds bad, I know, but its not as if Seth and I were a
thing. We went out a few times. Heck, I didnt even sleep with
him.
Thats got to be some kind of record,
 Charlie teased.
I know, right? Ava giggled. The thing is, when I was
dancing with Davis I just knew that if I let this moment slip past
me Id regret it. Didnt matter if I ended up hurt or disappointed
because at the end of the day, if you dont take a chance how will
you ever know?
If youve never been hurt then youve never truly lived. The
words slipped from Charlie and she continued in a whisper.
Because if you havent experienced that kind of pain, it doesnt
mean that youre lucky. It means that you havent loved.
Wow. Thats deep.
Charlie exhaled, trying to loosen up the tight ball of emotion
in her chest, and looked at her friend. My dad told me that
once. He said even though my mother had broken his heart, he
would gladly do it all over again. Tears poked the corners of her
eyes again and she scrubbed at them angrily. He said the pain
was worth it. That Connor and I were worth it.
But he was a liar.
Im sorry. I should get back to work.
Sure,
 Ava said softly. Okay.
The phone rang yet again, and Charlie thought that she just
might lose her shit and throw a wrench at the damn thing.
Hey,
 Ava said, sliding off her stool. Let me grab it.
Go for it. Charlie tossed her garbage into the bin and
glanced at the clock. Shit. She needed to get back at it or shed
never be home in time for Mrs. Kratz to bring Connor home from
school. She was just about to get started on an oil change when
Ava walked over, a strange look on her face.
That was Danielle Mason. She said to turn on the TV. She
said something crazy about Rick being related to Beau Simon? Is
that possible?
The actor?
Ava nodded vigorously. Like holy shit, right?
Simon.
I Charlie had nothing. I dont know. I mean, hes never
mentioned any of his family really, other than his brother. He
just said that he had to go home because of an emergency.
Can you imagine if he is one of them? Theyre like famous.
Oh my God and the one brother is married to that country singer
right? Donovan James.
I dont know. Charlie wasnt big on following pop culture,
not with everything she had on her plate. But Rick had
mentioned something about country music. Hadnt he?
Ava was nodding excitedly as she led the way into Charlies
office, where there was a television set for Connor when he was
there with her.
One of the Simons, the political guy got married last year to
Donovan James and then Beau married that Barker girl on New
Years Eve.
How do you know this stuff? Charlie asked, irritated and
not really knowing why.
I read People Magazine when Im at the doctor or the
dentist.
Ava reached for the remote. Apparently one of Beau Simons
brothers was rescued or something. I dont know the details,
other than hed been held hostage overseas. Why in hell he was
over there, I dont know. Avas eyes widened comically. Maybe
he was kidnapped for ransom or something because that family
is loaded.
Wow,
 Charlie murmured, as Ava flipped through the
channels until they found one that served twenty-four hour
news.
Breaking News scrolled across the bottom of the screen in
bold, and Charlie turned her attention to the news anchor as he
read his script.
Today the Simon family welcomes home one of their own.
Teague Simon, a former Navy Seal, along with several men who
were reportedly part of a military unit, were taken hostage over
two weeks ago. There are reports that the unit was operating
deep in Syria, though it hasnt been officially confirmed. What
we do know is that five of the six men have been returned to US
soil, while the whereabouts of the sixth is unknown. According
to an inside source, the rescue mission was launched three days
ago. Teague Simon, a well-known photojournalist and brother to
actor Beau Simon and to Jack Simon, a rising star in the
Democratic party, has been released into the care of his family
and no comment has been given at this time.
A picture flashed across the screen just then and Charlie held
her hands over her mouth. It was a photo of a bunch of guys on a
beach, all of them arm in arm, smiling into the camera.
Holy. Thats hotness overload. Ava pointed to the man on
the far right. That looks like Rick, right? The man in the photo
was younger and his hair was longer, his body leaner, but those
eyes and that mouth were unmistakable.
I dont know,
 Charlie said, shocked and unsure of how to
answer.
Her cell phone went off and she pulled it from her coveralls
without thinking. She fingered it for a few seconds, and when
she tore her eyes from the TV and glanced down at her phone,
her heart took off like a rocket.
It was Rick.
Ive got to take this Ava. But her friend was engrossed in
the report and Charlie hurried out to the shop where shed have
some privacy. She took a deep breath and pressed, answer.
Charlie?
You sound like you need a hug. And he did, which made her
heart turn over.
I need more than a hug, but hearing your voice is a good
start.
She had to take a moment, and exhaled slowly before
answering. Im glad. Im here.
I was going to call earlier, but theres been some stuff going
on and
I know, Rick. I just saw a report on TV. I know about your
cousin. I mean, I know who he is. She swallowed. I know who
you are.
There was a long pause and then he swore, his voice rough.
Shit, Charlie. I wanted to tell you in person. You have to know
that it wasnt a secret or anything. Not really. Ill fill you in when
I see you.
Okay. Truthfully Charlie didnt know what to think, but
thinking was something she could do later.
I know this is asking a lot, but can you do me a huge favor?
She nodded and whispered. Sure. Anything.
Hold on,
 he said. She could hear him speaking to someone
in the background, the sound muffled as if he had his hand over
the phone. After a few seconds he was there in her ear, his deep
voice so familiar and already something she ached to hear.
The media is all over this and we need to get Teague and his
parents away somewhere so that they can have some time to
themselves without the press hounding them. Were flying to
Maine tonight, but I have no food in the house or anything
really. Would you be able to stock up for me?
Yes, of course. 
I know youve already got a full plate, but I didnt know who
else to call and Coopers never met anyone from town. Im
probably overstepping- 
A heartbeat passed and in that moment she knew that Avas
words earlier had never been truer. This could be Charlies
moment. Was she going to be brave enough to grab it?
Its good, Rick. Ive got you covered.
I miss you, Charlie.
Those four little words nearly undid her. Which was insane.
Wasnt it?
Same,
 she whispered. Theres a storm coming in again. A
lot more snow. Please be safe.
I know. Its why were heading out now from a private
airstrip not far from here. We want to get out ahead of it. Ill call
you when we land in Maine but Charlie, can we keep this on the
down low? If possible?
Of course, Ill do what I can.
Okay. Ive got to run. I
Her heart was still beating hard, and she held her breath
when he continued.
I cant wait to see you. Iwell talk, okay? This means more
to me than you can know.
Okay,
 she whispered.
Charlie pocketed her cell and walked back to the office. Ava
was still hunched over the desk, her eyes on the television.
God, these Simon men are something else.
Ava.
Like they won the gene lottery or something.
Ava.
Huh? her friend replied, obviously distracted by the
coverage. Charlie grabbed the remote and the screen went blank.
Hey,
 Ava said, turning around.
There werent too many people that Charlie knew she could
trust with a secret this big, but luckily Ava was among the few. I
need for you to call Danielle back and tell her that the guy she
saw on television isnt my Rick.
Oh, Iand why? Why do you care what Danielle thinks if it
isnt true?
Because it was Rick.
Okaaayy. She could see that Ava wasnt understanding her
at all.
It was Rick and hes bringing his cousin, the one who was
kidnapped, and his Aunt and Uncle and I think his brother is
coming to.
Coming here. Avas eyes widened. To Fishermans
Landing. The look on Avas face was comical.
Yes. Here. And no one can know or at least we have to do our
best to make sure that no one finds out.
Got it,
 Ava said slowly. You can count on me. Do you need
me to do anything else?
If I give you a grocery list, would you be able to do that? Are
you working this afternoon? Ava was an assistant in the
pharmacy and her hours were all over the place.
I havent worked a Saturday in ages. Im off.
Good. Ive got to finish up these oil changes or Ill have
customers screaming at me. Once Im semi caught up, Ill grab
Connor and take everything out to Ricks.
Holy. Ricks brother is a hot Charlie Hunnam look alike.
Charlie screwed up her face. Who the hell is Charlie
Hunnam?
Ava laughed and grabbed her purse. Never mind. I know the
only TV you watch is that stupid car restoration show. So why in
hell would you know who Charlie Hunnam is?
Her friend scooped up the phone. Get me the list while I put
off Danielle.
What are you going to tell her?
Im going to tell her that shes out of her ever-lovin mind if
she thinks anyone from the Simon family would move out to
Fishermans Landing. Really. Who in their right mind would
come out here if they didnt have to? Especially in the dead of
winter.
True. Ava could be convincing when she needed to be.
But Charlie?
Yes?
You better tell me right now if Beau Simon is coming,
because I just might have to take a moment to deal with that.
Jesus. She hoped not. Charlie might have been living under a
rock the last few years, but even she had seen a couple of his
movies. There was a reason he was one of the biggest names in
Hollywood. No, I dont think so.
Charlie needed to work. She needed to concentrate on
something other than the fact that Rick was one of those
Simons. And she sure as hell didnt want to think about the fact
that she was going to be meeting his family. You know, those
Simons.
Whew,
 Ava said with a wink. Thank goodness hes not
coming because I dont think this town could handle that.
What? Distracted, Charlie frowned and earned a WTF look
in return.
Beau Simon?
Oh. Charlie sighed. Well, I guess you dont have to worry
about making an ass out of yourself.
Nope, Im all good.
Awesome,
 Charlie retorted as she headed back out to the
garage.
Im glad someone is.
She had a feeling that life had just thrown her another
curveball, and dammit, she wasnt good with curveballs. Charlie
sighed, glancing around the empty shop. Where was Davis when
she needed him? He would understand what was going on inside
her.
Shed known all along that whatever-the-hell-it-was-shewas-doing
with Rick wasnt going to last. He was just passing
through, and she was a townie for life. And now? Knowing who
he was and the kind of life he was used to living only made the
gap between their worlds that much bigger.
Shed known that.
Stupid girl.
I
21
t was dark and the snow was just starting to fall when the
Simons arrived in Maine from Florida. A large SUV was waiting
for them and Maverick slid into the drivers seat while Cooper
and his Uncle Noah helped Teague into the back. Or rather
attempted to. His cousin was stubborn as hell and shrugged
them off.
Goodness, its almost as cold here as it is up north,
 his aunt
Eden said, rubbing her hands together as she took the passenger
side. Maybe colder.
Were right on the Atlantic so yes, it can get nasty,
 Cooper
replied. Lets just hope the press thinks were up in
Gravenhurst and dont come sniffing around here.
Maverick nodded, thinking that most of the paparazzi would
assume theyd headed to the Simons Canadian retreat. He fired
up the engine and waited for his uncle to get into the vehicle.
Why did you buy this place? Teagues voice was rough, and
he looked worse than he sounded. Maverick eyed him through
the rearview mirror, jaw clenched tightly.
Teagues right arm was in a cast and he had two broken ribs.
The guy was sporting a pair of black eyes as well as a broken
nose, and hed also taken a bullet to his leg. Luckily, that
particular wound had been superficial.
But it was the wounds beneath his skin that Maverick was
worried about. Teague was too quiet and had refused any type of
counseling that had been offered. Hed been debriefed, did the
bare minimum required of him and then wanted out. Maverick
had no idea what had gone down over there, but it wasnt good.
He didnt hear Coopers answer to his cousins question, but
he could hear the men talking, their voices low. He pulled out of
the private airstrip and headed toward Fishermans Landing. His
GPS told him they had about an hour until they reached their
destination, but he was figuring it would take longer on account
of the snow.
So who is this woman? The one whos waiting for you?
Startled, Maverick didnt answer at first. His fingers
drummed along the steering wheel as he peered into the night.
She sounds interesting,
 Eden Simon continued. A
mechanic. I dont think Ive ever met a female mechanic
before.
Shes pretty amazing,
 he responded, navigating a sharp
turn in the road.
He felt his aunts eyes on him and snuck a look when it was
safe. What?
His aunt was a petite little blond woman who a lot of people
thought of as fragile. They would be wrong. Very wrong. All of
the Simon men knew that Eden Simon was fierce and she packed
a lot of backbone into her small frame.
How long have you known this girl?
A month? Maybe? Hell he didnt know because it seemed as
if hed known her for a lot longer than the reality.
This girl is different from the others youve been with,
 his
aunt said.
He couldnt argue with that.
She means something to you.
He nodded. She does. He liked saying that. Liked the
thought of it.
His aunt settled into her seat. Its about time. I was just
telling Jack that you needed to expand your social circle because
women like that Elle arent what you need.
He smiled. Eden sounded just like his pal Donovan. Oh? And
what is it that I need?
She laughed and looked at him as if he was crazy. Well
apparently its someone who can change a flat tire.
Yes,
 he said with a huge smile and a warm feeling in his
chest. That sounds about right.
Good,
 she murmured, looking over her shoulder into the
back of the SUV. Now if only we could find whatever it is that
Teague will need to get through this.
Hes strong just like you. Hell be fine,
 Maverick found
himself saying. Probably because it felt like the right thing to
say, but mostly because he hoped like hell it would be true.
Teague wasnt the same. Truthfully, over the last few years the
guy had seemed to drift away from all of them. Slowly, like sand
in an hourglass.
The Simons wanted him back. Plain and simple.
Maverick banished those thoughts from his mind and
concentrated on driving. It took almost two hours to get to
Fishermans Landing. The snow was falling faster than the road
crews could keep up with and the going was slow. By the time
they pulled into the driveway, it was nearly ten at night and all of
them were tired. It had been a grueling week and sleep was much
needed.
Maverick cut the engine, eyes on the house and the soft glow
of light that fell from the windows. He liked knowing that
Charlie was in there waiting for him.
Looks like someone plowed the driveway,
 Cooper said.
Maverick spied Charlies truck off to the side. A large snow
blade was attached to the front of the thing, and he smiled.
Guess we can thank your girlfriend,
 Cooper said, slapping
him on the shoulder as he opened up his door.
Maverick slid from the truck and with his uncle Noahs help,
retrieved the bags and led the way to the house. Cooper and his
aunt followed behind them with Teague.
The long gallery that ran the length of the house was shoveled
clean as well, though with the steady fall of snow he was pretty
sure thered be a ton for him to do in the morning.
He set his bag down and was just about to reach for the door
when it flew open.
Youre here,
 Charlie said, her eyes shiny as she rubbed the
palms of her hands over her jean clad thighs. I was worried. You
didnt text.
Shit, babe, Im sorry. Maverick took a step toward her. I
wasnt thinking. I just wanted to get here.
He thought that maybe her bottom lip trembled a bit, and it
made his heart turn over. He didnt think about anyone else
except the woman in front of him and Maverick bent toward her,
his hands sliding into all that loose, dark hair. He held her
prisoner and slid his mouth over hers.
He kissed hera soft, gentle kissand though it made him
want to dig in and go deeper, he reluctantly let her go. He rested
his forehead against hers for a couple seconds and then moved
to the side.
Once all the Simons were through, Maverick closed the door
behind them. He took a step closer to Charlie, slid his hand to
the small of her back and introduced her to his family.
His aunt enveloped her in a big hug and at first Charlie
seemed stiff, but then she accepted the embrace. And then
another from his uncle Noah. When Cooper stepped forward,
Maverick felt compelled to speak.
Keep it clean Coop.
His brother flashed a smile and offered a hand instead.
Thanks for getting the house ready.
It was no problem, really. She glanced at Maverick. I had
to bring some bedding from home because I wasnt sure if there
was enough here.
Thanks for that,
 Eden said with a smile, though it faltered
when she glanced over to her son. Youre due for more pain
medication and we should get you to bed.
Teague said nothing, but his eyes were dark and his mouth set
in a tight line. He offered a smile to Charlie as he passed by and
headed for the stairs.
Cooper took them up to the second floor and for a small
window of time, Maverick had Charlie all to himself.
He immediately slid his arms around her because he needed
to feel her. Badly. She was shivering, as if cold, and Maverick
held her tightly, his head buried in the hair at her nape.
God it felt good to hold her.
We need to talk about everything,
 he murmured against
her.
Its okay,
 she whispered. Weve got time for that.
Maverick moved slightly so that he could see her face. So that
he could try to read her eyes. I need for you to know that I was
going to tell you about my family. I dont want you to think I was
holding that back for some reason. I wasnt. I was justits hard
for us sometimes. Hard to blend in and just be one of the guys.
I get that,
 she said with a small smile. Had any woman ever
had a mouth that delectable? I mean, I think I can imagine what
it would be like, judging from some of the footage I saw on the
news.
She rubbed his shoulders and, damn, but he could have stood
there for hours. How is your cousin? He seems kind of lost.
Maverick shook his head and glanced upstairs. Thats a good
way to describe it. Hes up and down but mostly just down. I
hope he can find his way back because right now hes just kind of
existing.
I know what thats like.
His eyes shot back to Charlies. There was more to her story
than shed told him. He wasnt sure how he knew this, but he
did.
Someone or something will bring him around,
 she said
softly. It might take a few weeks or a few months or even a few
years. But it will happen.
He pushed back a lock of hair that fell over her brow and
kissed her once more. Youre not driving home in this. He
frowned, glancing around. Wheres Connor?
Charlie nodded to the front room. Hes asleep on the old
sofa in there. The poor little guy was tuckered out. The entire
time I was out shoveling, he was playing in the snow. Her eyes
misted. Its been a long time since Ive seen him this happy.
This engaged. She shrugged and smiled. I dont know if its
the music somehow or you
She blushed and Mavericks heart melted a little bit.
Theres hope for your cousin,
 she murmured.
I appreciate everything youve done for us today. You know
that, right?
I do. A wicked smile crossed her face. And Ill make you
pay. Trust me. I have plans for that.
He grinned and swooped in for one more kiss, but his brother
Cooper had other plans.
Damn, but Im feeling left out. Coopers voice trailed off
suggestively. Hed come down from upstairs and Charlie pushed
at Maverick with a laugh.
Dont be a jerk,
 Maverick said, sliding his arm around
Charlies shoulder. It was a possessive move, and maybe it made
him look like a caveman, but he didnt care.
His brother shoved his hands into the front pockets of his
jeans and the look of appreciation in his eyes as he gazed down
at Mavericks woman made Ricks blood pressure rise.
Guess Im okay with you touching my Shelby,
 Cooper said,
ignoring Maverick.
Charlie waited a beat. Thats good to hear,
 she replied.
Though I wont be doing much of the touching. At least not to
the body or the interior.
No? Maverick wanted to wipe the grin off his brothers face
with the back of his hand.
Nope. That would be my guy Davis.
Too bad.
Charlie shrugged. Ive got my hands full with other things.
You know how it is.
Cooper chuckled. I do. He looked at Maverick. And to
think that if only Id taken one trip into town.
In your dreams, brother,
 Maverick replied.
Cooper stepped down from the stairs. Im heading out to the
shop in a bit if you want to come along.
Maverick watched his brother until he disappeared into the
kitchen and the pressed a kiss to the corner of Charlies mouth.
Cooper has a history of wanting what he cant have.
He sounds like trouble.
He is.
Well,
 Charlie murmured against him. Theres only a
certain kind of trouble that I like and hes not it.
Good,
 he growled, taking her mouth one last time before
gently pushing her away. You and Connor can sleep in my bed
tonight. Okay?
Okay. I packed an overnight bag just in case.
Well figure something else out tomorrow.
Tomorrow? she asked, that tongue that he loved, darting
out to lick at the corner of her mouth.
Yeah,
 Maverick replied with a wicked grin. Tomorrow
youre stuck with me, wherever the hell youre sleeping. Youve
got no choice on that one.
No choice. Huh,
 she teased. Are all the Simon men so
demanding?
I am.
Good thing I like demanding. she replied.
Maverick swept one last kiss across her mouth, groaning
because she tasted so damn good. But he was strong. He pulled
away and strode into the front room where he easily scooped up
Connor.
He followed Charlie upstairs, his eyes lingering on her,
enjoying the way she moved. He was dying to get his hands on
her. He waited while Charlie pulled back his covers, liking how
Connor felt in his arms. The little guy snuggled into his neck and
murmured a bunch of stuff that Maverick didnt understand. He
felt incredibly humbled by the absolute trust shown by this little
boy, and when he laid him down, Maverick gave him a kiss. It
didnt feel weirdin fact it felt absolutely right. Connor turned
toward him, his eyelashes fluttering and the sweetest little smile
ever appeared on his face.
Charlie smoothed her brothers brow as the little guy
burrowed into the covers, and watching the two of them, here
among his things, made Maverick feel like a king.
He left Charlie and Connor in his bedroom, and as he made
his way back downstairs, he realized a few things.
Right now, in this moment, he felt complete.
Right now, in this moment, he had something to look forward
to and that something was a woman named Charlie. And as odd
as it might seem, it was also a little boy named Connor.
Christ, Donovan, with all her raging mom-to-be hormones,
would be all over this shit. He smiled at the thought.
Another one bites the dust.
Maverick glanced up and spied his brother at the door. Hed
changed into old jeans, work boots and heavy blue flannel.
Cooper Simon was about as far away from his expensive Italian
suits as you could get. It was a good look for him.
Youve got that goofy look on your face. The same one that
Jack had when he first met Donovan,
 Cooper said, shaking his
head. Tucker too, when he brought Abby around.
And?
Its all good brother.
Maybe youre next.
Coopers face lost all expression and Maverick watched him
closely. He and his brother were tightin spite of a few bumps.
He knew about Coopers past. About the dark things that had
shaped him into the man that he was.
I doubt it,
 Cooper offered and then opened the door. Ill be
in the shop if you want to have a drink.
Maverick watched his brother leave and he realized that right
now, in this moment, he was in a place hed never been in
before. It was a good place. A place full of hope and promise and
after the events of the last week or so, Maverick was perfectly
fine with that.
C
22
harlie woke before dawn. Outside the wind howled and
though she was warm beneath the pile of covers, she was too
restless to stay in bed. With a quick peek at Connorwho was
still dead to the worldshe swept a kiss across his brow and
slipped from beneath the blankets.
She rummaged through her bag and pulled on an old pair of
sweat pants along with an oversized MIT sweatshirt. After tying
her hair back into a loose ponytail, she stepped into a pair of
fuzzy slippers and with one last glance at Connor, snuck out of
the room.
It was still dark, but she managed to make her way down the
stairs without tripping and breaking anything. Though she
winced on the last stepthe squeak sounded way too loud in the
big, silent house.
Rick was still asleep on the sofa in the front room, and she
couldnt ignore the tug on her heartstrings as she stood over
him. He was shirtless with his arms flung over his head, and his
hair mussed so badly she knew he must have tossed and turned
most of the night. His long lashes shadowed the skin beneath
his eyes, making them appear even longer, and something about
the expression on his face made her heart squeeze.
What was it about a grown man asleep?
She took a step back, because it was hard for her to watch
him. Hard for her to think that there might not be many more
mornings where shed be able to wake up and see this glimpse of
the young man hed been.
Exhaling slowly, she backed out of the room and crept down
the hall to the kitchen. A hot cup of cocoa sounded just about
right. Rick had made some when shed been here the week
before, and she was hoping there was at least one packet left.
Light fell into the room from the outside fixture and she
didnt bother flipping the switch as she walked into the kitchen.
She turned on the gas burner and after filling the kettle with
water, set it there. She found a cup and began rummaging
through the cupboards looking for the cocoa. Shed nearly given
up when she spied it on the top shelf in the pantry beside the
fridge.
Yes. Of course it was on the top shelf.
Damn,
 she muttered, eyeing the shelf dubiously.
She stood on her tiptoes and extended her hand as far as she
could, but her fingertips only managed to push the box further
back. She tried again and swore like a trucker when she stubbed
her toe and almost fell on her ass.
Something scraped behind her, like a chair being dragged
across the floor. Charlie froze and glanced to her side. A man
stood near the breakfast nook, most of him lost in shadow.
You look like you need some help. His voice was rough, like
sandpaper.
Charlie took a step back and turned to face him. I was trying
to reach the cocoa, but I guess I need a few more inches.
Teague Simon stepped from the shadows and walked over to
her. He was tall with broad shoulders, but moved slowlyit was
obvious that he was in a lot of pain.
I can grab a chair,
 she started to say, but he moved past her
and her voice trailed off as she watched him reach up for her
cocoa.
The man was shirtless (was that a Simon thing?), wearing
nothing but plaid flannel pajama bottoms, and his feet were
bare. Yellow and purple bruising covered areas of his back and
shoulders, and his ribs were taped. There were wounds across his
lower back, mean and ugly looking lacerations, and she jerked
her eyes from them when he turned around.
Shed seen his picture on the news and she knew how
handsome this man was. And even now with black eyes, a
broken nose and an unshaved face, he would turn heads. But
there was something missing and she didnt know him well
enough to know what that something was. It was more of a
feeling.
He handed her the cocoa without a word and moved back to
the breakfast nook in the corner of the kitchen. Maybe he liked
the shadows. Maybe he liked not being seen.
Thanks,
 she said slowly, jumping when the kettle whistled.
Would you like a cup?
Several seconds ticked by without an answer and Charlie felt
heat stain her cheeks as she moved to the counter. Sorry, Ill
make this and leave you alone.
You dont have to go,
 he replied. And thanks for the offer,
but Ive already got something.
Charlie got busy making her cocoa and after placing the box in
the pantry, she tucked the kettle back into its spot in the
cupboard. She grabbed her cup and turned around, unsure if she
should stay or go.
Turn the light on if you want,
 Teague said.
Charlie took a sip from her cup. I dont mind the dark. It
wasnt all that dark anymore anyway. The shadows were giving
way to early morning light that crept in across the horizon.
She watched him take a sip from a tumbler. Little early for
whiskey, isnt it?
Sweetheart, its never too early for whiskey. He paused and
held his tumbler aloft as if they were toasting and then tipped
his head back. He finished the glass in one long gulp, inhaling
sharply as he slammed the tumbler down onto the table.
Son of a bitch,
 he said under his breath, shoulders
hunched. He rubbed the arm that was in a sling and swore again.
Is there anything I can do? Charlie asked, taking a step
forward.
Nope, not unless you can locate another bottle of Gibsons
Finest.
She shrugged. Sorry.
He was quiet for a few moments, his eyes studying her with
an intensity that was missing before now. Im Teague by the
way. I take it you belong to Maverick.
Okay, the guy was hurting and had been through something
horrific. She got that. But Charlie wasnt the kind of girl to take a
comment like that. Not from anyone.
You can call me Charlie,
 she said, walking toward him.
But this girl doesnt belong to anyone. Im not a pet.
For a moment his expression was blank and then something
kind of wonderful happened. A soft, slow smile crept over his
face and she got a glimpse of the real man.
Damn, Ava was right. The Simon men were hot.
Guess she told you. I like this girl.
Charlie and Teague turned as Cooper walked into the kitchen.
You look like shit,
 Teague said.
Ive been up all night. Coopers eyes were bloodshot.
Doing what? Teague asked.
Cooper ignored his cousin and smiled at Charlie. The man
looked like he could be Beau Simons brother, not his cousin, and
she blushed as his smile deepened. Bastard. He knew exactly the
kind of power that he had. It would take some kind of woman to
tangle with a man like him.
She thought of the shop and began to wonder. She knew the
musical stuff belonged to Rick but the office tucked away in the
back was all Cooper. And from what little shed read, she didnt
think the guy had any sort of passion aside from parties and the
odd Simon family foundation event. And yes, she knew this
because shed Googled pretty much every Simon that there was
including Rick. And that was something she wasnt going to
think about right now.
Seeing all those photos of him with so many glamorous
women had made Charlie realize just how big the divide between
them was. And then thered been the pictures of him naked on
some patio with the allusion that some Hollywood starlet was
just out of range. He was so far from her world that it was
laughable.
Maverick Simon was Hollywood and Nashville, while she was
just a mechanic in a small town in Maine. It almost sounded like
some hokey country song.
What is it that you do out there anyway? she asked,
deflecting and pushing aside her thoughts.
Well darlin
,
 Cooper said with that slow grin that she was
coming to know as a Simon family trait. I could tell you, but Im
not sure youre ready to know exactly what that is.
Teague grunted. Thats got to be the worst comeback Ive
ever heard.
Cooper shrugged. Its far too early for me to be clever, and
Im working on no sleep. He paused, eyeing up his cousin. Im
glad to see you up and to hear you using your vocal chords. The
whole silent treatment and grunting when you want something
is getting old.
Go to hell,
 Teague said.
Dont be an asshole. We have company.
You have anymore Gibsons around here?
You bet. Cooper nodded. In the shop.
Wanna get me some? Teague asked.
Okay, it was time for Charlie to step in.
How about I make us some scrambled eggs first? She raised
an eyebrow at Teague before turning to Cooper. And while Im
getting the eggs and toast prepared, you could do us a favor and
make a pot of coffee.
She didnt bother to wait for either man to respond. Instead
she gathered up the things she needed from the fridgeeggs,
cheese, bacon and sausages.
She started on the eggs and moved aside when Cooper dove in
and shredded the cheese. Between the two of them, they cooked
up enough food to feed a small army and when she set the
platter of sausages on the table, Charlie stood back and smiled.
Smells good.
She was still smiling when she turned and spied Rick standing
in the entrance to the kitchen. His hair was still a mess, his jaw
unshaven, and his jeans hung dangerously low on his hips. She
knew from experience that he probably wasnt wearing boxers.
Hed not bothered to throw on a shirt and her mouth went dry
when she met his gaze. The zigs and zags shed felt when shed
first laid eyes on him erupted inside her like an overflowing
volcano.
Wow. That was all she had right now. Wow.
Years ago when Charlie was a teenagerbefore her mother
had taken off and ruined all of her fantasies of happily ever after
and true loveshed been a reader. Her novels of choice had
been the paperback romances Elizabeth would buy and then
stuff in the back of the cabinet in the dining room when she was
done with them. In those books the men were always just wow.
They were larger than life, with the ability to sweep a woman
off her feet and make her happy for the rest of her life. But they
were books. They werent real. Men like that didnt exist, at least
not in Charlies world.
As time went on, as Charlies dreams were shattered and the
thought of meeting a man who could knock her on her ass had
pretty much vanished, shed forgotten about those books.
Forgotten about the men and the women they loved.
How many times had she and Ava sat up for hours on a
Saturday night, sharing a couple bottles of wine and talking
about how that man didnt exist? Of course, now she knew that
Ava had believed in it all alongthat Ava had just been in denial.
But what did Charlie believe?
Was Rick that guy? Would any other man ever make her sit
back and think that he was justwow?
Charlie felt silly because she had no other words. How did you
describe it when your heart accelerated to the point where you
thought you might pass out? Or how her legs suddenly felt like
jelly?
Hey,
 Rick said slowly taking a step forward. His voice still
held a hint of sleep and she loved the huskiness of it.
Hey,
 she replied softly.
Guys,
 Cooper said, reaching for a piece of bacon. I think
theres more conversation in that there Planet of The Apes
movie, no?
It was then that she noticed a little head by his side. A little
hand inside his large one. A little Ninja Turtle pajama clad body
hiding behind his.
I went up to check on you two and Connor was just waking
up. He decided that he was ready for breakfast.
Im guessing this is your brother? Cooper asked, taking a
step forward.
Charlie didnt answer because she couldnt.
Wow. Just wow.
The tightness in her chest, the ache in her heartthey told
her a few things. But the biggest thing was real simple. Rick
Simon was her guy. He was it.
And she didnt know if that made her incredibly happy or
incredibly sad. As she stood there with a big old lump in her
throat, aware that four pairs of eyes were focused on her, she
couldnt help but think back to those stupid romance novels and
all of those happily ever afters.
Real life didnt work that way. So why the hell was she hoping
that hers would?
B
23
y the time his aunt and uncle came down for breakfast,
Teague had shut down. He ignored his parents, everyone in fact,
and eventually left the kitchen and headed back up to his room.
Maverick could see the hurt in Eden and Noahs eyes, but
none of them seemed to know what to do about it. He got their
concernhell even though Teague was a grown man, hed
always be their kid. But he thought that maybe Teague would be
better served dealing with this on his own. There were some
hurts that needed time and distance.
Unfortunately thats not the way the Simons worked.
In the end, Maverick decided not to get involved. Besides,
what the hell did he know about being a parent?
Are you sure youre going to be okay with Connor?
Theyd just arrived in Fishermans Landing. Maverick nodded.
Absolutely.
You can call me if he starts, you know, getting weird
because it happens. Hes kind of like your cousin, Teague. He
shuts down and its really hard to get through.
Dont worry. Ive got him. We bonded over sausages this
morning, remember?
I dont know. Her voice trailed off as she glanced around
him at her brother Connor. He saw the worry and man, he
wanted to be the guy to make it go away.
Hey, I know. Honestly, Ive got this. He reached through
the open window of her truck and kissed her. And then
whispered a few things in her ear. Dirty things. Hot things that
he wanted to do to her when she got back from her garage.
Youre the devil,
 she said, breathless when she pulled away
from him.
I try.
She nodded slowly, yelling a quick goodbye to her brother and
after another small hesitation, she backed out of her driveway
leaving him alone with Connor. It was Sunday and her garage
was closed, but she had a few things to get done. With Davis off
for several days, she was behind and Maverick thought hed help
out so hed volunteered to come along and look after her
brother.
That was after hed volunteered to help out in her garage, but
Charlie had been quick to knock that idea down. Shed said
theyd never get anything done andhe grinnedshe would
have been right.
He turned and looked down at Connor. Okay, so well shovel
out this walkway and then decide on a plan of action. Sound
good?
Connor didnt say a word, but his eyes were bright and
Maverick saw the interest there. Where does your sister keep
the shovels? In the shed?
Something changed in the boys expression. It was subtle, but
Maverick saw it. Connor shrugged and remained silent.
Worried that hed somehow managed to screw things up
minutes after Charlie had left, he nodded to the porch.
Can you climb through this snowdrift and make it up
there? Hed look for the shovel, no use in dragging Connor
down the driveway to the shed.
Maverick watched Connor struggle over the first large drift
and with a chuckle, he helped the little guy over.
And felt like a king when he got a small smile in return.
He waited until Connor was up the steps and onto the porch
and then strode to the shed. It wasnt locked, but once he got
inside, he quickly figured out why. The small building was
empty. As in there were a few paint cans in the corner and not
much else. He closed the door and headed back down the
driveway, waving at a nosy neighbor across the street. He never
saw curtains drawn back so quickly.
By the time he got back to the front of the house, Connor was
halfway over the large drift and clutched in his hands were two
shovels. One was big and one was just the right size for a ten year
old.
Guess those were on the porch,
 he said, grabbing the large
shovel from Connor. What do you say we dig in and get this
done?
The two of them worked for well over an hour. The snowfall
had been significant and by the time Maverick managed to get
the walkway up to the house shoveled as well as the porch and
the sidewalk, hed worked up one hell of an appetite.
His shadow hadnt said one word, but Connor had dug in and
hed done a fair bit of work for such a little guy.
What do you want for lunch? Maverick asked as he took
Connors coat. The boy shrugged and glanced toward the
kitchen. Maverick had a feeling he was going to do most of the
talking, but he was okay with that.
I guess well have to see what you have in there, but first we
need to wash up. Maverick frowned. Is there a washroom
down here?
Connor turned and took off down the hallway, pushing open a
door near the back entrance. It was a small half bath with just
enough room for a sink and toilet. Connor turned on the water,
while Maverick squirted soap onto his palm before handing over
the container to his companion.
He stood behind the boy, smiling down at the sweaty curls as
Connor methodically washed every inch of his hands. Once he
was done, he grabbed the faded blue hand towel and then
handed it to Maverick.
This what we call teamwork, bud,
 Maverick said with
chuckle.
The two of them headed back to the kitchen and in less than
half an hour, they were sitting at the small table eating mac &
cheese and hotdogs. Maverick grabbed a beer and poured Connor
an apple juice.
He took a bite of his hotdog and held up his beer can, eyes on
the boy to see what hed do. Connor chewed his hotdog, eyes on
the can and when he swallowed his food, he reached for his
glass. At first he didnt do anything but Maverick waited
patiently for nearly thirty seconds, and when the little guy held
up his glass, Maverick clinked his can against it.
Cheers,
 he said, eyes still on Connor. Because were real
men, now is when we take our celebratory drink.
Again he waited for Connor and when the boy slowly brought
his glass to his mouth, Maverick did the same. They each took a
good pull from their respective beverages and when Maverick set
down his can, he winked.
Well have to do that again, dont you think? Being real men
and all.
Connor dug into his bowl of mac & cheese with gusto and,
damn, Maverick thought that he must be turning soft.
Something about this little boy got to him. Even something as
simple as watching him eat brought a lump to his throat.
When I was a kid wed go up to my aunt and uncles place on
a lake. In the winter wed spend hours outside playing hockey.
And when we were done. He pointed at their feast. This right
here? This is what our reward was. My aunt Eden still makes the
best mac & cheese and dogs youll find anywhere. Hands down.
But these are pretty good, dont you think?
A slight nod was his answer.
Were moving in the right direction.
They cleaned up their dishes, Maverick washing and drying
them quickly, while Connor put them away. The kid might not
say much but he was helpful, Maverick would give him that.
A quick glance at the clock told him that he had a couple of
hours to go before Charlie was due back.
Connor, wheres the keyboard I sent over?
That was all it took. The little guys face lit up like a light bulb
and he dashed from the kitchen, Maverick on his heels, and
headed for the front room. The furniture had been moved around
to make room for the keys, and Connor climbed onto the bench,
his face a mask of concentration as he immediately began to play
the song that Maverick had taught him days earlier.
Connor was good. His memory was sharp and the dexterity in
his fingers was something else for such a young child. But more
than that, he had feel. Maverick heard it in the notes and saw it
in the way he held his headthe way he moved to the piece.
Connor, buddy, youre a natural.
Music was a living, breathing thing. It wove its way into the
fabric of everyday life. It was in the hum of electricity and in the
rolling tires of the big rigs on the highway. It was the summer
breeze, the foamy waves off the ocean and in the cries of a
newborn. Maverick felt sorry for those who couldnt see it or feel
it or open themselves up to it.
But this kid, well, he got it.
Maverick slid onto the bench beside Connor and began to play
another simple piece. This one was full of minor chords and was
a bit melancholy, but at the moment, its what Maverick felt.
Connor listened and slowly began to join in, adding bits and
pieces here and there. But they were bits and pieces that fit. His
ear was good and Maverick marveled at how well hed adapted in
such a short period of time.
The two of them traded off for what seemed like hours, but in
truth, it wasnt all that long. When Maverick finished in a
dramatic flurry of classical notes, he grinned down at the kid, but
his smile soon vanished.
Connor was looking up at him, his little hands frozen on the
keys, his pale eyes shiny and bright. But the expression in them
was haunted. It sent chills down Mavericks spine.
Hey, you all right, bud?
For a few seconds there was silence, and then Connor spoke.
His voice high and thin.
My daddy died.
Three words that packed a powerful punch, and it was a hit
that Maverick felt in his bones.
He cleared his throat, not taking his eyes off of Connor. I
know. Im sorry.
Connors fingers started tapping along the keys. Not hard
enough to pull out a note, but his fingernails made a clackclack-clack
sound, as if he was typing out his emotions.
He died out there.
Maverick wasnt exactly sure what Connor meant and kept
quiet, watching him closely.
We were together. In there. Connor banged out a couple
noteshard angry notes. I was with him.
Maverick was shocked. Utterly shocked. He reached forward
and gently placed his hand on Connors shoulder. The little boy
banged out a couple more angry notes and then let his hands fall
to his side.
My daddy liked songs.
With those words, Connor Samuels managed to burrow deep
into Mavericks heart. He inched closer to the boy, wanting to
comfort him but not really knowing what to do.
So he did what hed do if he were with one of his cousins, or
his brother Cooper. He patted the little guys shoulders and
when Connor eventually deflated and rested his head against
Maverick, he drew him into a hug and didnt let go.
Not for a long, long time.
B
24
y eight oclock Connor was tuckered out. Several days of fresh
air had caught up to him and Charlie took him to bed. Truthfully,
she needed a few minutes away from the man whod done
nothing but occupy her thoughts all day.
Maverick Simon was a man who lived in a world she couldnt
imagine and he was also a man who was used to women much
more sophisticated than she could ever be.
Seriously. Donovan James and Elle Mason? Really?
Dont do this to yourself,
 she muttered as she tucked
Connor into bed. She kissed her brothers brow and folded the
top cover under his chin. His cheeks were rosy, his eyes bright,
and she marveled at the change in him.
You had fun today, didnt you? she asked softly.
He nodded, those pale eyes of his wide and suddenly serious.
I like Rick.
Should she be surprised? Not really.
Should she be concerned? Hell yes.
I do too,
 she replied. But hes just a friend and we dont
know how long hell be in Fishermans Landing. You understand
that, right?
Connor watched her intently for a few moments and then
nodded. I still like him.
Charlie didnt really know what else to say, so she swept one
more kiss across his brow. Youve got school tomorrow,
sweetie, and I know you need at least eight hours of shut-eye. Ill
see you in the morning, okay?
Charlie made sure Connors nightlight was on and then
headed downstairs. Rick was in the family room, hands shoved
into the pockets of his jeans as he stared out into the night. His
back was to her, so for a few moments Charlie had the luxury of
drinking him in, unnoticed. Her gaze moved from the thick
waves atop his head, down to his wide shoulders, long torso and
tapered waist. And his butt. Wow. The man had a nice ass. His
legs were spread and every single inch of him was all, hardbodied
man.
From her vantage, he looked larger than life. Or maybe she
just wasnt used to having a man in the house. Okay. She knew
she wasnt used to having a man in the house, and she reminded
herself that shed better not get used to it.
He turned suddenlyas if he knew she was thereand she
swallowed at the look in his eyes.
Come here,
 he said. It wasnt a request, and her feet were
moving before her brain could even process his words. She slid
into his arms as if she belonged there and closed her eyes,
wanting to believe that very thing.
Rick held her close, his heart a steady beat near her ear. It
sounded corny, but she could have stood like that for hours. Just
feeling him. Listening to him. Enjoying the presence of a man in
her home.
Hey, youre shivering,
 he murmured against her hair.
And she was.
We should talk,
 Rick said slowly. Im sure youve got a lot
of questions.
Ive got one or two knocking around inside my head. That
would be an understatement.
Well talk. I promise. But before we do, Ive got an idea,

Rick said, his voice husky as he angled her head so that she could
see him.
Whats that?
That slow grin she was growing way too used to seeing spread
across his face, and he rubbed the corner of her mouth with his
thumb.
When I was here the last time, I noticed you have a big old
tub in your bathroom.
I do,
 she replied slowly. It was an antique, complete with
clawed feet and deep enough for two. Or three. Hell, maybe even
four.
His one hand slid down to rest on the small of her back.
Well, darlin
, Ive thought of nothing but getting you naked
since I left and that bathtub might be a good place to start.
Huh. I cant remember the last time I took a bath, its really
not my thing,
 she said. But I suppose I could be persuaded.
He bent down and his teeth grazed the hollow of her neck,
sending a whole new pack of shivers rolling across her flesh.
You might not want to ever shower again.
Rick claimed her mouth in a hot, open kiss, but it was a teaser
and meant only to entice. And when he dragged his lips from
hers, she sagged against him because her knees were suddenly
filled with jelly.
Without a word, he guided her ahead of him, back up the
stairs. They didnt stop until they reached her bedroom and Rick
walked straight through to her bathroom. She heard him turn on
the water and when he appeared in the doorway, he was
shirtless. Quiet. Intense.
Her heart was pounding so badly that she was pretty sure he
could hear it. Hell, if the neighbors didnt hear it knocking
against her ribcage, it would be a miracle.
Mouth dry, she walked toward him and stopped a few inches
away. There was a push-pull going on inside herthe need to
take a chance on something uncertain, versus the need to
retreat.
Youre so goddamn beautiful,
 he said, his voice low and
thick. Your eyes are the most amazing shade of blue Ive ever
seen. His breath was shallow. Its strange isnt it? he asked,
reaching for her.
She let him pull her forward and arched her back slightly
when he tugged on the edge of her shirt. Whats that?
Rick pulled the cotton long sleeve up over her head and tossed
it to the floor. He kissed her shoulder, a long finger running
underneath her bra strap. I almost decided to head to the
Caribbean for a few weeks instead of coming here.
Oh,
 she managed to say when he bent his head and his hot
mouth closed over the tip of her breast. The fabric from her bra,
combined with his talented tongue, had her moaning and
leaning into him. It felt that good.
Its almost as if fate was telling me something.
He gave one last tug, the edge of his teeth grazing her hard
nipple, and then blew on her as he gazed up at her with a wicked
glint.
How does that feel? he asked.
Good,
 she managed to say.
His grin widened. Well, Im going to have to up my game. I
cant settle for good when I was aiming for freaking amazing.
Oh God. She was already on fire, filled with red-hot desire
and the man had barely touched her.
I wouldnt expect anything less.
He laughed and scooped her into his arms as easily as if she
was a small child and headed back into the bathroom. The air
was warm, the tub nearly full and Rick bent over to turn off the
tap.
The muscles in his shoulders and back were something else.
She could watch him all day long.
He straightened and leaned his hip against the tub. Take
your clothes off.
Charlie arched an eyebrow, managing to dig deep and find
some bit of cheek. Take yours off first.
His eyes smoldered and without hesitation, he unzipped his
jeans and kicked them off along with his socks, leaving him
standing before her in a pair of white athletic Calvins that left
nothing to the imagination. That grin was still in place when he
slipped his thumbs beneath the waistband and slid his boxers
down his hips.
Well,
 she said, eyeing his erection. That certainly looks
promising.
Your turn,
 he said.
Sweat covered his body, emphasizing his abs and stomach
and without another word, she unclipped her bra, loving the way
his eyes were glued to her chest. She tossed it onto the floor next
to his jeans and then slowly tugged her pants past her hips,
smiling when she heard his sharp intake of breath.
If I had known you were commando, we wouldnt have made
it to dinner.
She stepped out of her pants and walked to him. If I had
known we wouldnt make it to dinner, I might have told you
exactly what was going on underneath my pants.
That would be a whole lot of nothing,
 he said, eyes
smoldering as he reached for her.
Rick picked her up and stepped into the tub. Carefully he
turned around, placing her so that she faced away from him and
was between his legs. The slid into the hot water until they were
both submerged and settled back. The sensation of hot, silky
water sliding over her skin while she leaned against a hard male
body was heavenly. She closed her eyes, smiling when his hands
slid across her belly to pull her in closer.
His erection strained against her back and she was just about
to do something with it, when he reached for the soap.
She watched him lather up and bit her lip when his hands slid
across her breasts.
Jesus,
 she whispered, loving the way it felt to have his
hands on her.
His fingers gently tugged her nipples, sending ripples of fire
across her skin that had nothing to do with the piping hot water.
She closed her eyes and gave herself up to the pleasure as he
kneaded her breasts before travelling back to her shoulders,
where he massaged tight muscles until she was loose and pliant.
Rick bit her shoulder, a gentle tug that made her groan, and
then lathered his large hands up again, this time heading south
to her abdomen. His fingers were like magic, working their way
over her stomach, to her hips and then down to her thighs.
His hands were everywhere, it seemed, but where she wanted
them and she tried to angle her hips, but he laughed and held
her down.
Not yet,
 Rick whispered near her ear.
Charlie exhaled and arched her back as much as she could,
pushing her butt back onto his erection.
Youre playing dirty,
 Rick gasped near her ear.
Yeah, I am.
Water sloshed over the top of the tub as she gripped the edge
and maneuvered herself around so that she was facing him. She
flipped a long wet curl over her shoulder and straddled Rick,
smiling when she heard him groan.
Her hands sank into his damp hair and she kissed him. It was
a long, slow, hard kiss. And as she delved deeper, her tongue
exploring, coaxing and tasting, she edged closer to his erection.
Babe, wait.
Charlie was done. She slid over him, across him, her swollen
folds teasing just as her mouth did the same to his. She
continued her assault, eyes open and watching him. Oh the
pleasure that gave her.
Charlie marveled at how his eyes darkened to near black. How
his nostrils flared. And how the muscles across his shoulders
bunched beneath her.
He was beautiful. There was no other way to describe it.
And hes mine.
The thought slid through her mind like a fierce whisper and
she stilled, eyes still on his, chest heaving and body aching with
the need to connect to this man.
Charlie? he asked roughly, hands on her hips. She saw the
questions in his expression, the wariness that crept into his
eyes, and she swept his hair back, holding him close, as close as
she could, so afraid this moment would end.
Why was she afraid?
I need you inside me right now,
 she said, suddenly
desperate. And the weird thing was she knew it had nothing to
do with sex. It was more. And that was scary.
Charlie.
But she ignored him and eased her body over his, slowly. So.
Fucking. Slow.
Jesus Christ, Charlie,
 he said, grabbing hold of her hips. He
was still for a moment, as if trying to keep some kind of control,
and then he began to move.
He thrust up and filled her completely and she joined him,
her rhythm in sync with his. Her body adjusted, taking every
inch of him as deeply as she could. And oh, the feel of him inside
her, the way he stretched her, the way he movedit was
something shed never forget.
Charlie held on to his shoulders, rocking into him, already
feeling that flicker of heat, that tight coil of desire building. It
expanded until she was trembling all over. They were perfect
together.
Rick was like the missing piece to the puzzle that made up
Charlie Samuels and the realization hit her hard.
Ive never felt like this,
 she said, not knowing shed said
the words out loud until he stopped moving.
Charlie whimpered and then stilled.
His hands moved from her hips and he cupped her face,
pulling her down so that he could kiss her. It was a soft, gentle
sort of thing, at odds with the heat and desire that boiled inside
them both.
You make me feel things,
 he said, his mouth still on hers.
Damn, but you make me feel.
He began moving again and she cried out, her hands clutching
his shoulders as they rocked into each other. Faster. Harder.
Skin on skin. Heart to heart.
Charlie tightened around Rick, her orgasm building and
contracting, and when she came her screams were softened by
his mouthby the sweetest kiss ever.
Rick rocked against her, his body tight and hard, his lips soft
and gentle. He shuddered into her, his release filling her, his
body hot beneath hers.
When it was over, they didnt move for a very long time. Not
until the water became tepid, and they both began to shiver.
Charlie would have stayed in that tub forever if she could have
because something had just shifted. Shed felt it like when shed
looked into Ricks eyes. It was subtle and elusive, but it was
there. She knew it was there.
And what exactly was that something? She had no freaking
idea.
C
25
harlie brought up two beers and a bowl of popcorn.
My kind of girl, he thought.
Shed pulled on his T-shirta vintage Rolling Stones no less
and he smiled, catching sight of that delectable ass as she slid
into bed beside him.
Looks good on you,
 he said, reaching for a handful of
popcorn.
He was starving, but then theyd worked up an appetite. After
the tub, hed brought her back into her room and went in for
round two. Hed worshipped every inch of her body. He couldnt
seem to get enough.
Youre not getting it back.
Sounds like a challenge.
Does it?
Sounds like you want me to take it off you.
Maybe later,
 she said with a grin. If youre lucky.
They settled back and he took a long pull from his can of Bud.
Maverick was satiated and his body was lethargic, but his mind
was moving a mile a minute.
So, about all those questions,
 he said, glancing her way.
They hadnt had a chance to really talk since his return from
Florida, and it was time.
Her eyes were on him, and she swallowed a handful of
popcorn, nodding slowly. I have a few. She studied him for a
bit and then grabbed her beer though she didnt take a drink.
Go for it,
 he teased, but Maverick was well aware that they
werent joking around. Things were serious.
She flicked the edge of her fingernail against her can. Does
anyone else call you Rick?
Okay. That wasnt what hed been expecting, but Maverick
preferred to ease into the details of his life.
Everyone calls me Maverick most of the time except for you
and one other person.
Whos that?
Donovan James. Shes always called me Rick.
Charlie whistled. Wow. Donovan James. Shes like big time
country star. So you and she were were you guys
Maverick shook his head with a chuckle. No. Weve never
been more than friends. Though there was a time when I wanted
more. He wasnt going to lie to Charlie. But shes always been
Jacks girl, and even though at first I pushed her away, I learned
that her friendship meant more to me than getting into her
pants. Of course, shes the one who had to drill that into my
head.
She sounds like someone Id like.
You would.
Shes married to your cousin. Teagues brother?
His girl had done her homework. Shit. He wondered what else
shed uncovered online.
Yep. She and Jack are expecting their first kid any day now.
He paused. My turn.
She reached for more popcorn. Go for it.
Maverick studied her for a few seconds. He drank in those
blue eyes and the pale, almost translucent skin. He thought of
her little brother.
You and Connor look so much alike, I cant help but wonder
where the hair and eyes come from.
My mother,
 she replied, not missing a beat. My dad was
tall and skinny, with a full head of coal black hair and eyes as
dark as yours. She picked at a thread in the comforter. I loved
his eyes. I could always tell what he was thinking. They were so
expressive.
She glanced back at him. Have you ever been engaged or
married?
Nope.
She almost looked disappointed.
Oh. What about Elle Mason? I thought I read something
online. She blushed. Im not going to lie. I Googled you.
Thats two questions, but Ill let it slide.
Thats kind of you,
 she retorted.
He hoped like hell she could see the naked truth in his eyes.
One hundred and fifty percent, no to Elle. We had some fun for
a while and then it went south pretty quick. Her publicity
machine made a lot more out of our brief time togetherand
trust me, it was brief. We didnt live together. There was never a
secret pregnancy and there was never going to be a ring.
He grabbed some more popcorn. What about you? Ever get
close to heading down the aisle?
She didnt answer at first and Maverick watched her closely.
Was there someone in her past that he needed to worry about?
No. I dated a guy from town on and off, but we definitely
didnt have what it would take to make a marriage work. Though
without a whole lot of prospects in Fishermans Landing and no
time to meet new people, I suppose we would have ended up
married eventually. If not for a couple of deal breakers.
Deal breakers?
Jeremy wasnt into a moody, quiet little kid and Connor was
a deal breaker for him.
Douche bag.
And your deal breaker? he prodded.
Jeremy slept with a married woman while we were still
together and knocked her up.
That right there is a dick move.
It was more than a dick move. She already had two kids with
her husband.
Maverick was trying to figure out what kind of guy would toss
aside someone like Charlie Samuels when she nudged him in the
shoulder.
My turn.
Sure. What else do you want to know?
How long are you staying here? In Fishermans Landing?
And just like that, the ease of the moment fled. Maverick took
a few moments, trying to come up with the right answer. But
then he realized the only right answer was the truth. And the
truth was
I dont know, Charlie. I came out here because I needed to
shake things up. I thought a change of pace was what I needed.
But the thing is, Ive got obligations that I cant ignore and right
now my home is on the other side of the country.
And did it?
Did what?
Are things better?
Its getting there. He dropped a kiss onto her nose. It
helps when you have inspiration.
Is that what I am? she said the words softly, eyes on the
piece of thread shed pulled from the comforter. Inspiration?
Youre a hell of a lot more than just inspiration. He said the
words slowly because he knew he needed to get this right. Look,
I had no intention of getting involved with anyone out here. That
wasnt my plan. I have a film to score this spring, and Im
working on some songs for Donnie. That was it. I was going to
push through my mental block and get some work done. But
then you walked into that diner and
Could he sound anymore like a damn Hallmark card?
Im surprised you didnt run the other way.
I thought about it,
 he replied wryly, thinking back to how
prickly shed been.
For a few moments there was silence and then Charlie took a
good long pull from her beer can. She set it on the table beside
the bed.
Eventually youll leave. Charlie glanced up at him. Her
expression was shuttered and he couldnt get a good read on her.
And for a guy who made a living penning lyrics, he was lost.
What the hell did he say to that?
Jesus, forget I said that,
 she said in a rush. This
conversation is getting way too serious. Of course you have a life
to go back to. I know that. Hell, Ive got my own stuff to deal
with.
Charlie, whatever this is between us, well figure it out.
She held his gaze for a few moments and then smiled. Of
course we will.
She set the popcorn bowl on the floor and snuggled up against
him, her head near his heart. She felt so good, right there beside
him. Solid. Real.
Just so you knowbefore when we She squirmed a bit as
if she was uncomfortable. And just now when we
He chuckled. When we did IT.
That earned him a fist in the chest. Yes. When we did IT. I
He sat up a little straighter. Shit. He knew what she was
getting at.
Im on the pill, so you know we dont need to worry about,
well, you know.
He wove his fingers through her long and hair and tugged so
that she was forced to look up at him. Okay.
And I just had a physical so God, she was cute when she
blushed.
Im good,
 Rick said. I mean, Im clean if youre worried
about that sort of thing. I havent had sex without a condom
since I was a horny teenager.
She bit her bottom lip and stifled a giggle and he couldnt
help himself. Rick bent forward and kissed her, loving how she
melted into him.
Have you talked to your brother today? Hows Teague
doing?
Maverick exhaled and relaxed a bit. Cooper called me just
before you got back from the garage. A couple hours after we left,
a car showed up and Teague took off for parts unknown.
What?
He told my aunt and uncle that coming out here was a
mistake. Said he needed to be alone to work through some
things and that was that.
Your aunt Eden must have been so upset.
Theyve dealt with a lot in their day, but this is different.
Teague is their son and they know hes hurting. Hell, I can see
how screwed up he is. But maybe he does need to do this on his
own. Work things out however he needs to without his parents
looking over his shoulder.
Promise me something?
Anything. He glanced down at her, surprised at the sadness
in her eyes. Hey, hell be fine. No worries.
Im sure he will, but life has a way of throwing us curveballs,
you know? And sometimes we tell ourselves that a person will be
okay because it makes it easier for us to get on with our lives.
Maverick had a feeling that Charlie was talking about
someone or something else entirely. But who?
Did he ask? Were they there yet?
Charlie groaned. Here I go again, getting all serious. Sorry.
Dont apologize for saying how you feel.
She turned out the light and settled back against him.
What are you doing tomorrow? she asked softly.
I thought Id stay here and work. Maybe meet you for
lunch?
A heartbeat passed.
I like the sound of that.
Maverick held Charlie close, inhaling her scent. He was
content and warm and not surprisingly, happy.
And for now, his world was about as perfect as it could be.
B
26
y Tuesday Davis was back from the dead so to speak, which
meant that by Thursday the workload at Charlies garage was
back to normal. In fact, they were so caught up that Davis started
working on the Shelby.
The body needed a lot of work and they were bringing in a
specialist for it, while Davis would work on the interior. Charlie
let him have at it. Shed already taken stock of the engine and
other components under the hood, and Ricks brother had
authorized them to spend whatever it took to get the car back to
mint condition.
Things were good. Rick spent his days at her place writing
music and his nights in her bed. He was the guy every girl should
have, but that didnt mean he was easy by any means. He could
be arrogant and opinionated, but then again, so could Charlie.
Shed lost count of the arguments theyd had over things as
trivial as foreign cars versus domestic (She was all about
domestic; he of course was not).
Rick Simon was also funny as hell, he was genuine and
passionate in his beliefs and good Lord, but the man knew his
way around a woman. She should be in her happy place.
But she wasnt.
Of course Charlie wasnt unhappy. In fact, she was pretty
damn content. But Charlie and content had never been best
friends, and she couldnt shake that nervous feeling that had
taken hold a few days earlier.
Shed learned the hard way to listen to her gut. Something
was going to happen. She could feel it.
But what?
You look like someone pissed in your cornflakes this
morning,
 Davis said, shuffling up beside her and reaching for
the coffee pot.
Well that would be wrong, because I dont particularly care
for cornflakes.
Ah. Right. You drink those flavorless protein shakes. Davis
shook his head in disgust. Whatever happened to the simple
things in life like eggs and bacon for breakfast?
I dont know. Maybe something called cholesterol?
Davis poured himself a coffee, ignoring her dig as he glanced
up at the clock. Huh,
 he said, crossing his legs and leaning
back against the workbench.
What? she said sharply, irritated with him and not really
knowing why.
Ricks late.
She busied herself putting away the parts that had been
delivered a few minutes earlier. Shed been thinking the same
thing, but there was no way in hell shed let Davis know it.
Just because Rick dropped by for lunch yesterday doesnt
mean hell do the same today.
No? Davis pushed off from the workbench and took a sip
from his coffee mug. So Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
dont constitute some kind of pattern?
Her head whipped up and she was just about to tell Davis to
mind his business when the door from the front of her garage
flew open and in walked the only man whod ever made her
heart feel as if it was beating out of her chest.
Jesus. She was really going to have to do something about
that.
He wore his mirrored aviators, which gave him a dangerous
edge, and with the black leather jacket, faded jeans and black
boots, he looked the part. Sure the wavy hair that peeked from
underneath the plain black toque softened the effect, but it only
made him that much more adorable.
He really did take her breath away. Literally.
He stood there for a few seconds and stared across the room
at her, that slow, sexy smile sweeping across his face.
Youre late,
 she said softly.
Davis snorted, but she ignored him. How could she not? Every
single cell in her body was electrified just by Ricks presence.
Should she have taken a moment to think about that? Probably.
Did she? Hell no.
Even if she wanted to, she didnt get the chance.
Rick walked toward her, his long legs eating up the space in
no time and he didnt stop coming until his mouth was on hers.
It was a gentle kiss, but one full of promise and Charlie had to
drag her lips from his because she was suddenly weak in the
knees.
Sorry,
 he said with a grin, setting down the takeout bag
that he held. Jackie was busy and made me wait.
Whatcha got in there? Davis asked.
Rick chuckled. What else? Clam chowder.
The three of them tucked into their meal and Charlie was
content to sit back and listen to the two men discuss the Shelby.
She smiled as Davis argued the merits of the American made car,
and giggled at his outrage when Rick admitted his love of Ferrari.
At one point the conversation became heated and just when
she thought she was going to have to step in and play referee,
Ava showed up. Dressed in her pharmacy jacket and blue scrubs
with her dark hair flying all over the place, she looked cute.
Charlie glanced over to Davis. Cute enough to eat. Davis was
acting as if it wasnt a big deal Ava had popped by, but Charlie
knew that Rick had been dismissed and all of Davis attention
was on the petite brunette.
What is this, some private lunch club that I wasnt invited
to? Ava asked, walking over to Davis and scooping up the last of
his biscuit as if she had every right to. She popped it in her
mouth and didnt bother to swallow before launching into a
tirade.
So did you hear about Back Alley dropping out of the fish fry?
Un-freaking-believable. Who does that a week before a
fundraiser? How in hell am I going to get a replacement? Im so
pissed, I couldI could.
Hit something? Charlie asked.
Yes,
 Ava said. Pulverize is more like it.
Hit Davis,
 Charlie said.
I would but hed probably like it. Ava shook her head.
I probably would,
 Davis chuckled.
Ava sighed dramatically. This is a big deal and I have no clue
what to do.
Whats Back Alley? Rick asked, nudging Charlie with his
knee.
Its some band from the city. Avas on the fundraising
committee for our local community support center and theres a
big event next Friday. Therell be a silent auction and a live
auction, dinner and entertainment. That sort of thing. The event
always brings in a lot of money for our senior programs like
Meals on Wheels and transportation to doctor appointments.
Yeah, but whos going to want to come if theres no
entertainment? Ava sighed.
We could do a DJ,
 Davis suggested.
I already looked into it,
 Ava replied. The only DJ within
fifty miles whos available is Harry Leedale.
Oh no,
 Charlie laughed. She glanced at Rick, who was
obviously confused. Harry Leedale is pushing eighty and his
idea of dance tunes is spinning Elvis Presley and Hank
Williams. She paused. Over and over and over. Were lucky to
get a song from any decade past the sixties.
Im sure something will turn up, babe. Davis grabbed Ava.
If not, Ill get up there and entertain the crowd for you.
Good God,
 Charlie said, covering her mouth in an attempt
to hide the horror.
What? Davis replied. I did all right at that bachelor thing a
few years back.
Charlie snorted. Sure. If getting drunk and taking most of
your clothes off is considered doing all right, then I guess you
did.
Ava giggled. It was the highlight of my night.
Hey, I got the highest bid, didnt I?
Yes you did. Old Mrs. McTeer paid top dollar for you,

Charlie replied wryly. How did that work out for you?
Sounds like a story that I need to hear,
 Rick said, tossing
his empty bowl into the garbage. But its going to have to wait
until another time. Im on a roll and I need to get back.
What is it exactly that you do? Davis asked. I dont think I
ever got that particular memo.
Charlie jumped to her feet. She could practically see the
wheels turning inside Daviss head and Ricks secret was still a
secret. But Ava swooped in for the rescue and pulled Davis away.
Jason that was rude.
Charlie and Rick took a step back until they had a bit of
privacy. Her eyes lingered on his hands, and she reached for
them, running her fingers along his knuckles.
Thanks for lunch,
 she said.
Its the highlight of my day.
Its becoming the highlight of mine as well. She said
slowly. Weve got leftover chili for dinner.
Sounds good.
Something about those two words struck a chord inside her.
There was nothing special about the words or the phrasing, but
put into context, they implied intimacy.
What are we doing?
The thought slid through her mind and her eyes fell away
from his. Her stomach rolled and that nervous feeling was back.
Big time.
Hey, are you okay? His voice was gentle and his touch was
like a whisper.
No.
Yes. Charlie nodded, leaning into the palm of his hand.
Im just tired. Its been a long week, and Ive got an afternoon
of paperwork to look forward to and spreadsheets arent exactly
my favorite thing.
You sure thats it?
She nodded but Rick held her until she glanced up at him and
whispered. You should go.
He studied her for a few more moments, a small frown on his
face. Were good though, right?
She nodded. Yep. All good.
Rick dropped a kiss to her forehead and she fought the desire
to clutch at him like a child. She wanted to hold him and never
let go.
He glanced over her head. Do you need a lift, Ava? Im
heading out.
Hell yes. I was so mad about Back Alley that I walked right by
my car and practically ran all the way over here.
Babe, its two blocks.
She looked at Davis as if he had two heads. Babe its um,
freezing out there.
Okay, you guys have only been together a few weeks and you
sound like an old married couple,
 Charlie whispered, making a
face.
And? Davis asked.
She ignored him and waved goodbye to Rick and Ava. Then
she gathered up the rest of the garbage. She tidied up the
workbench. She arranged her tools. She even dusted and then
grabbed the large broom to sweep up the entire area.
It took a good twenty minutes and when she was done, she
carefully set the broom back in its place and turned to Davis.
Just say it.
What was that? he replied, wiping his hands on a rag,
eyebrows raised questioningly.
She glared at him. Youre watching me in that way that you
have.
I have a way?
She wasnt in the mood for games.
Hell yes. I know youve got something to say to me so just
come out and say it. That way you can get back to your Shelby,
and I can go and spend a lovely afternoon in my office doing that
massive pile of paperwork that Id rather burn than deal with.
Anger rolled over her. It was Hot and intense. Which was
insane.
Charlie had to take a step back because first of all she had no
idea where the hell had it come from. And secondly, to make
matters worse, she was afraid that if she didnt get her shit
together she might cry.
No way was that happening.
Its gotta be PMS.
Shoving her hands into the pockets of her coveralls, she
arched an eyebrow at Davis. Well?
Davis ran his hands through his hair and sighed. Look,
Charlotte, I like Rick.
I dont have time for a Charlotte conversation,
 she
complained loudly.
This wasnt going to be good.
Davis ignored her. I like him. Hell, hes a good guy and the
two of you seem like youve got something good going.
So whats the problem?
Its not a problem, more like a concern.
And that would be?
What is it exactly that youre doing with him?
How is that any of your business? Were they really going to
do this?
Cant you just answer the question? Davis was stubborn
and she knew that he was dug in.
What are you doing with Ava? she shot back, not happy
that she was being called out on something that she did not want
to discuss. Especially when it was something that shed already
began to question.
What Im doing with Ava is different.
Hows it different?
Daviss eyes softened and damn if that big old lump didnt
find its way back inside her throat.
What I have with Ava is different because Im here and Im
not going anywhere. Its different because Im pretty damn sure
that Ive been in love with that girl for years. And I dont want to
sound like a dick or anything, but Im pretty damn sure she feels
the same way.
Charlie was silent for a few moments. She let that anger settle
a bit. Let the lump in her throat dissipate.
Just because Rick and I arent in love doesnt mean we cant
have some sort of.of God, what was it that they had? I
wouldnt call it a relationship exactly, but shit Davis, adults do
these things all the time. Hanging out with each other isnt a
crime. Sleeping with each other isnt a crime.
Davis studied her for a few moments and when he spoke, his
voice was gentle, as if he was talking to a small child. But
Charlie, you dont do casual. You never have.
How do you know what I will and wont do? she spat.
Seriously Davis. Where do get off giving me relationship
advice?
Youre my family. Its what I do. Davis sighed. Im
worried, okay? Can I be allowed to worry about you?
Theres no need.
Charlie. There is.
She took a step back, wishing her stomach would just settle
already.
And why exactly are you worried? she asked, but really, she
knew the answer before Davis even spoke.
Im worried because I dont want you to get hurt. Im
worried because as far as I can tell, Ricks going to leave and go
back to wherever the hell hes from. He paused. Unless you
know something that I dont.
She shook her head slowly.
Davis swore and shoved his hands into his pockets. Im
worried, Charlie, because youre in love with him.
She opened her mouth, a hot denial on her tongue, but then
stared at her friend with nothing to say. Because really, how
could she argue with the truth?
F
27
riday morning saw a bit of a break in the cold. There was still a
substantial amount of snow on the ground, but the roads were
clear and dry and the sun was shining.
Maverick should have been in a great mood. Hell, he should
have been over the goddamn moon. Hed finally broken though
his mental block and written some stuff. Great stuff. Good hooks
and melodies he knew Donovan would be all over.
Hed met a woman whod come out of nowhere. A woman
who challenged him. A woman who made him laugh. A woman
who made him crazy with desire because, hands down, she was
responsible for the best sex hed ever had.
Sure, she got under his skin. Hell, when was the last time
hed had to argue the merits of the adaptation of The Lord of The
Rings? In his mind the books were okay, but the movies killed it.
He didnt give in to her on that one, even when she played
dirty and started a strip tease in an effort to get him to agree
with her (she thought the movies didnt come close to the epic
greatness of the novels). Maverick held firm. Hed stood his
ground because in fact, LOTR was the best damn trilogy ever
made.
The truth was, Maverick was having a hell of a good time
figuring her out. Or at least he was trying and up until the
previous night, hed thought he had a handle on her. But
something was off. He couldnt quite put his finger on it. Theyd
gone to bed. Theyd made love and it had been an intense
coupling. Hed never felt so goddamn complete.
Hed held her for the longest time and felt as if he had the
world by the balls.
But that feeling left him like air seeping from a tire. Whatever
theyd shared the night before was long gone by sunrise. It was
in the way she looked at him when she thought he wasnt aware.
It was in the way her eyes slid from his when they did connect. It
was in that last kiss before shed left for her shop. Something
was missing. Some little piece of Charlie had vanished
overnight.
So what was he going to do about it?
Shit,
 he muttered to himself. He brought his truck to a halt
at the only traffic lights in town and then glanced at his cell.
And why the hell arent you calling me back? he growled at
the device. Hed called Donovan as soon as Charlie left for work.
Donnie was his person. His go to when things were heading
south and for whatever reason, he had a feeling that things were
heading south for him and Charlie.
Donovan would say the right things. Shed offer some frank,
sometimes harsh advice. Hed probably bitch about it, but in the
end hed take it. Because thats how he and Donnie rolled. They
always had each others back.
The light changed to green and Maverick headed out of town.
He needed some recording equipment and his guitar and a few
other things hed left behind at Coopers when hed basically
moved into Charlies place.
By the time he reached his brothers home, the sun was
slowly disappearing behind a significant band of nasty clouds
coming in over the water. Maverick pulled the collar of his jacket
up, frowning. They were definitely snow clouds.
He walked into Coopers house but the place was silent.
Figuring his brother was out in the shop, Maverick headed that
way, glancing up as a couple snowflakes hit him in the face and
for the first time since hed arrived in Fishermans Landing, he
wasnt liking the thought of more snow.
Was it just his mood? Or was this Californian boy in need of
warmer temperatures and sun?
He pushed the door open and spied Cooper right away. His
brother was sitting at the bar with his laptop in front of him and
a half-gone bottle of whiskey at his side. From the looks of it,
hed been sitting in the same spot for hours. Most likely all
night.
Jesus, Cooper. Did you forget to bring a razor with you?
Whats it to you? he shot back. You look like a freaking
lumberjack,
 Cooper rubbed his eyes and reached for the bottle
next to him. His hand hovered over it for a few seconds and then
he sank back onto his stool.
What time is it? he asked, scrubbing at the dark blond
stubble on his face.
Time for coffee,
 Maverick replied, heading to the kitchen
area. Ill make a pot.
His brother slid off his stool. Good. Im gonna shower.
Twenty minutes later, Maverick was leaning against the bar
when Cooper strode into the shop, fresh from the shower,
though still unshaven.
Upon a closer look, Maverick whistled. What the hell
happened to your eye? The bruising was fading but someone
had definitely taken a shot at him.
Mom wouldnt like this look for us,
 Maverick said as
Cooper crossed the room and poured himself a cup of coffee.
No, she wouldnt. Cooper said, moving over to the bar and
motioning toward the bottle. Hand me that, will ya?
Maverick raised an eyebrow. Really?
What are you, my mother?
Maverick handed him the whiskey and watched Cooper pour a
generous bit into his mug. Hitting it a little hard arent you?
Cooper shrugged and didnt answer. Maverick studied his
brother closely, noticing the fatigue and general haggardness
about him.
You okay? Maverick asked. He knew Cooper was riding the
edge of something dark and with a certain anniversary coming
up, he was worried about his brother.
Okay is not generally a term Id use to describe things right
now, but Im hanging in.
Cooper finished his mug and went back for seconds, filling
both of their cups though Maverick refused the additional shot
of whiskey.
Have you heard from Teague?
Cooper shook his head. Nope, but Im not surprised. He was
in a foul mood. Cooper pointed to his eye. This is what I got for
trying to make him stay.
Shit.
Shit is right. It was not a good scene. Aunt Eden was crying
for Christ sake, and Teague looked through her. Cooper shook
his head. It was like he wasnt even here. Makes me think
of.
Hes nothing like her,
 Maverick said, fighting the anger
that very thought created.
Cooper glanced up and Mavericks gut clenched, because the
sight of such raw pain in his brothers eyes wasnt something
Cooper let anyone see. Would his brother ever get over the
woman whod broken him?
No,
 Cooper agreed. I suppose he isnt. But I sure as hell
hope he makes it through whatever it is hes fighting sooner
than later because its hard on Eden and Noah.
Hes tough. Hell get there.
I can tell you one thing, hes no good around people right
now. I think he needs some space and some kind of peace. And I
hope he finds it before some other poor bastard meets his fist.
Teagues got a lethal hook.
Maverick chuckled. And hes only got one good arm at the
moment.
Cooper grinned. Yeah, well, Im not the only one with a
black eye. I thought Aunt Eden was gonna go after me when she
caught sight of Teague.
Youre lucky she didnt. You do know where he learned to
throw a punch.
The men were quiet for a few moments, each lost in thought.
Cooper eventually made his way to the kitchen area and whipped
up a plateful of scrambled eggs, bacon and toast.
Maverick dug in with gusto. He was nearly done with his plate
when Cooper cleared his throat and sat back in his chair.
What? Maverick didnt like the way his brother was looking
at him.
Whats the story with Charlie?
Maverick glanced back at his plate, shoving his eggs around
and making a general mess of what was left of his food. He
shrugged. I dont know.
Cooper looked surprised. What do you mean, you dont
know? Youve basically moved in with the lady and her kid.
Brother.
What?
Connor is her brother.
Cooper wasnt impressed with his effort to deflect. Okay.
Youve basically moved in with the lady and her brother. So
whats that about? Cooper grinned. You thinking of making
this permanent?
Mavericks head snapped up so fast he heard the bones in his
neck crack.
Permanent? What the hell, Coop. Weve only known each
other for what, five weeks? Six?
And youve been living with her for several of them. Youve
never played house with a woman before. Hell, I dont think
youve ever dated a woman with a kid.
Brother.
Kid or brother. Like it makes a difference.
Maverick sat back and stared at his plate. Permanent. Man.
That was one heavy word. Sure hed been thinking about some
kind of future with her and Connor, but permanent? Hell, hed
been thinking along the lines of a long distance relationship. Or
something.
Do you love her?
Maverick had nothing for that, which was crazy. How many
songs had he written about that very thing? But real love? What
exactly was it?
Coopers eyes narrowed. Have you ever been in love with a
woman? And were not counting Donovan here because we all
know that was just lust.
Getting pretty deep here, Coop.
His brother grinned. Someones got to make sure you dont
screw things up. Just remember, theres a big difference between
lust and love.
Whats the difference? Maverick didnt ask the question
because he was trying to be an asshole. He asked the question
because he was curious to see what kind of sage words an
acknowledged womanizer would dish out.
Cooper got up from the bar and grabbed Mavericks plate.
The difference, brother, is that when youre in lust with
someone youll do whatever it takes to get them into bed because
all you care about is possessing their body. Having a taste to
quench your thirst so you can move on to the next one.
Cooper took a step back and shoved his hands into the front
pockets of his jeans. But when youre in love with someone,
youll still do whatever it takes to get them into bed, but its
because the next morning you want to wake up with them. You
want to listen to her ideas, even the ones that are so fucking
crazy you know theyll never fly. You want to see her smile and
hear her laugh. You want to know that youre the reason for it
and you hope that you get to do it day after day after day.
Cooper swore and glanced away. Maverick felt for him.
Everyone saw the playboy. The man who went through women
like they were candy. But they didnt know the real man. They
didnt know the pain that had played such a huge part shaping
him into the man hed become.
Its simple really,
 Cooper said, looking at Maverick
intensely. When youre in lust, you taste and then you move on
because eventually the lust fades and dies. But when youre in
love, it becomes a living, breathing thing that you want to hold
on to. If youre lucky it stays with you forever. If youre not it
haunts you.
Is that something Lee Holloway would say?
Cooper ignored the dig and Maverick looked away from his
brother. He couldnt handle Coops probing eyes. Or maybe he
couldnt handle the fact that Cooper was obviously haunted.
So do you love her? Cooper asked quietly.
Maverick stared at his brother, his thoughts swirling like a
tornado. His cell buzzed and vibratedfor how long he had no
ideabut he came back to reality and fished it out of his pocket.
Jack Simon.
Hey,
 he said, glancing up at his brother, noticing the dark,
angry clouds in the window behind him.
Donovan needs you, Maverick. Jack sounded like shit and
all kinds of alarms bells went off inside Maverick.
Fear hit him square in the gut and he shot to his feet. What
the hells going on?
There was a pause.
We need you to come home.
C
28
harlie had just said goodbye to Davis when she heard the bell
jingle from the front of her shop. It was nearly six oclock and
she was anxious to get home. She had things to discuss with
Maverick. Things to get off her chest.
And dammit, she wanted to see him.
Were closed,
 she yelled from the garage as she took a look
around to make sure things were fine for Davis to open up the
next morning.
I see that.
Charlie whipped around in surprise, her loose ponytail
coming undone in the process. Tugging long tangles of dark red
hair from her eyes, she smiled at Cooper Simon.
And then frowned.
Is that a black eye?
It is.
Oh. She knew that Rick had gone out to his place to retrieve
a guitar and her eyes widened. Oh, crap. Rick didnt do that to
you, did he?
Nah,
 Cooper said, strolling her way. He was as long limbed
as the other Simons and just as well built.
Cooper didnt offer an explanation. He didnt even ask about
his Shelby Mustang. What he did do was center his electric blue
eyes on her with an intensity that was unnerving. Charlie wasnt
going to lie, she felt as if he could see right through her and,
uncomfortable, she tugged on that chunk of hair again before
tucking it behind her ear.
Have you talked to Maverick yet?
No. She glanced toward her office. My cellphone is on the
desk. The words came out slowly and damn if that crappy,
nervous feeling didnt take hold again. But then, had it ever
really left?
Where is Rick? she said, moving toward her office and the
phone.
Cooper followed her and leaned against the doorframe while
she scooped up her cell from her desk. She glanced down and
saw two missed calls, but no messages.
Cooper? she asked. Whats going on?
I just got back from the airport. Maverick left for Miami.
Cooper rolled his shoulders and ran his hands across his face.
Theres some kind of problem with Donavans baby and he
needed to be with her.
Donovan. Charlies stomach dropped like a stone and she
sat down on the edge of her desk. Theyre really close. Like best
friends, arent they?
Cooper nodded. Theyre tight. Real tight. Her husband Jack
called Maverick around noon and told him to get to Florida ASAP.
I dont know the details because Jack hasnt returned my phone
calls, but as soon as Maverick gets some real information, hell
call.
Charlie nodded, shivering and not exactly sure what to say.
She barely knew Cooper and had no ties to Donovan or Jack at all.
But she knew how important the woman was to Rick, and her
heart ached at the thought of him upset and alone.
Maverick was worried about you and he wanted me to tell
you in person. I think he tried to call.
He did.
Suddenly alarmed, she shot out of her chair. Oh my God.
Connor.
Hes good.
What? she snapped, rooting around her desk for her truck
keys.
Your brother. Maverick called some woman and he said
youd know who it was. Said shed keep Connor until you were
done work although I think she was supposed to let you know
that.
Relief flooded Charlie and she scooped up her keys. Thanks
for coming by to tell me. I appreciate it, but I really need to get
my brother. Im already running late and I didnt worry because I
thought Rick was at the house.
I get it. Were good. Go get your brother and take care of
him. Im sure youll hear from Maverick later tonight or early
tomorrow.
Charlie watched Cooper leave and grabbed her coat and bag
before heading out behind him. Fishermans Landing was small
town USA so traffic never really was an issue, but tonight it
seemed as if everyone and their mother was out on the roads. It
took her an extra ten minutes to get to Mrs. Kratzs place.
When she pulled up, she could see Connors silhouette in the
front window and with the gathering dusk, she knew he must
have been worried. He hated any kind of change to his routine.
He yanked open the door before Charlie had a chance to
knock and hugged her fiercely, his little arms like bands of steel
around her waist. Ricks gone,
 he said, his words slightly
muffled.
Her heart sank. I know, honey. He had to go home and be
with his friend.
But hell be back.
Four words she wanted to say out loud. Four words she
wanted to be true and yet, how did she know hed be back? She
didnt have a crystal ball and she sure as hell didnt have any
kind of commitment.
What she did have was a little boy whod grown way too close
to a man shed let into their lives.
Connor rubbed his eyes and stepped back. Is his friend
okay?
I hope so.
When is he coming back?
She glanced up at Mrs. Kratz, but the older woman had no
words of advice. She just shook her head slowly and if Charlie
wasnt mistaken, there was a hint of accusation in her eyes. Not
that she blamed her. They all cared so much for Connor, and it
was obvious that he was upset.
And the blame for that lay directly at Charlies feet.
I dont know, sweetie. Were going to have to wait and see
what he says.
Did he take my keyboard?
No, Im pretty sure that he didnt.
I like him,
 he replied, his chin trembling in a way that tore
at Charlies heart.
She straightened up and handed him his coat. I do too.
They rode home in silence and it was a silence that permeated
her entire house. Everything felt heavy. The air. Her body. The
silence.
Connor went directly to the front room and she heard him
banging on the keys, but it was halfhearted and eventually he
stopped.
Charlie busied herself preparing something for them to eat,
but her appetite was long gone and she threw out most of the
mac & cheese on her plate. Heck, she didnt say a word when
Connor pushed his food around and then slid from his chair.
Im not hungry.
She grabbed their dishes and deposited them in the
dishwasher. Once she was done with that. she leaned against the
counter and pasted a smile she wasnt feeling to her face. Want
to watch the movies we picked out last night?
Connor shrugged and didnt say anything.
Lord of The Rings?
Again a shrug.
Charlie felt tears pricking the corners of her eyes and she
exhaled, squaring her shoulders in an attempt to get her shit
together.
You and Rick outvoted me, remember? Lets watch the first
one.
I dont want to watch it without Rick.
Okay. Charlie had to take a moment and step back. How long
had she been praying for her brother to become engaged again?
For him to express himself and take an interest in his
surroundings? It had been a long damn haul and now that hed
finally come out of his shell, the reason behind it was gone.
She couldnt lose her brother again. Not after everything else.
She cleared her throat and marched across the kitchen. She
didnt stop until she was on her knees in front of Connor and
then she wrapped him in a big, hard, hug. He was stiff at first,
but then slowly he melted into her, and Charlie smoothed his
curls away from his eyes.
Rick would want us to watch the movie. He was as excited
about it as you were, so why dont you go and brush your teeth,
get into your pajamas and Ill make some popcorn.
It would be more fun with him. He says I look like the
the
The hobbits?
Connor nodded.
Theres only one way to find out. Silence greeted her words
so she tried again. Rick wouldnt want you to be sad, Connor.
What do you say?
She gently pushed her brother toward the door and sighed in
relief when he headed to his room to change. Charlie tugged her
cell phone from her purse, but there were no more calls and no
texts. She eyed his name for a few moments and then biting her
lip, sent him a simple message.
Hope your friend will be okay. Keep in touch.
Charlie made the popcorn and then grabbed her cell as she
made her way to the family room. Connor was already in his spot
on the sofa, with a pillow and a blanket at the ready. She offered
him some popcorn, set the movie to play and then settled in
beside him.
She tried not to think about Rick or his friend Donovan. And
she sure as hell tried not to think about the fact that shed
allowed herself to fall in love with him. That right there was
pretty much the stupidest thing shed ever done, because it
wasnt just about Charlie.
Charlie and a broken heart would eventually mend. Maybe.
But she had a little boy to think about. A little boy whod already
lost so much and if he was already this upset because Rick had to
go away, what would he do when he left forever?
I have to break it off,
 she whispered, fishing out her cell
phone once more. She fingered her phone for a few moments
and then shoved it under a pile of magazines on the coffee table.
There was time for that.
Its not as if Im going anywhere.
Tonight she would pretend to enjoy this movie. She would
tuck her brother into bed and tell him that she loved him. Then
she would walk across the hall to her empty bedroom. Shed
have a good cry because, dammit, she deserved one.
And then when Rick called her, she would tell him that
whatever it was that they had wasnt working anymore. Shed
give him the it-was-nice-while-it-lasted, spiel and then shed
move the hell on.
She settled back, eyes on the TV though her mind was on
something else.
Charlie thought about his smile and the way his eyes got dark
when he kissed her. She thought of how he liked to twirl her hair
and how he loved to talk dirty when it wasnt appropriate or how
he sang the Sponge Bob theme song in the shower.
She thought of a lot of things, but mainly she thought that
she needed to dig deep and find some kind of strength. Because
now she knew what she had to do. She had her plan.
She just had to stick to it.
S
29
ometimes life throws the worst kind of crap at you. If youre
lucky, the damage is minimal. You deal with it and move on.
But sometimes no matter what you do, it sticks. Sometimes
theres nothing to do except to face it head on and hope for the
best. In the last week, Maverick had done a hell of a lot of
hoping. Hed even done his fair share of praying, and Maverick
hadnt been to church since confession in the eighth grade. So
that was saying something.
He was dead tired and in bad need of some good news.
For the hundredth time, it seemed like, he checked his phone
but there was nothing from Charlie. Hed had one conversation
with her on the Tuesday after hed flown to Florida. Not for lack
of trying. But they just hadnt been able to connect until then.
So one conversation and hed known something was wrong.
Oh, Charlie had said all the right things. She felt incredibly
sad for what Donovan and Jack were going through, and she
knew that Maverick needed to be there for his friend. Her words
and emotions had been genuine. He knew that.
And yet his gut had told him that the shit was gonna hit the
fan. And it had.
He glanced back at his cellphone once more and saw her
name. Shed called the night before, but he hadnt listened to his
voice mail until this morning. He slammed his eyes shut as he
heard her voice once more.
Rick I hope everything is all right and that Donovans baby
will bounce back. Im sorry to do this over the phone, but I cant
do whatever it is were doing anymore. I just cant. I hope you
understand. And well, I guess thats all I wanted to say. SoIf
you come back, drop into the shop.
If he came back? Charlie actually thought he would just never
come back? Anger flushed his cheeks a ruddy color and mouth
tight, he shoved his phone back into his jeans.
He was going back all right and she better damn well be
prepared because he was pissed the hell off.
Any news?
He took a moment before glancing up at his cousin Grace and
shook his head. Maybe. The doctors are in with Donovan and
Jack right now. Im just waiting to hear.
Oh my God. Thats good right? Grace asked. I mean, the
baby came out of the coma yesterday. Thats a good sign.
Maverick nodded. That was a very good sign.
Grace took a sip of her coffee and sighed. I hate hospitals.
I know.
Her hair was now jet-black and it made her eyes pop more
than ever. They were huge as she stared up at him. The baby
will be fine. We just have to believe that.
Lily is strong, just like her mama. Ive got no worries.
Maverick pushed off from the wall that had been holding him
up and hugged his cousin. He pressed a kiss onto her forehead,
nodding at Tucker and Abby as they entered the lounge. They
were in a private wing of the hospital, one paid for by the Simon
foundation, and all of them were grateful for the privacy it
provided.
News? Tucker said, sliding his arm around Abby.
The doctors are in with them now. I expect Donovan will let
us know the update as soon as she can. Other than that, I think
were all up to speed. Just waiting on a prognosis.
Tucker nodded. Okay.
Several long moments ticked by and Maverick was just about
to try and call Charlie again when Grace started to giggle.
They all looked at her as if she had two heads and she
shrugged,
Sorry. I get weird when Im upset, but Im just
remembering when Tucker and Teague decided to host that
Simon Survivor weekend, remember?
Maverick grinned and nodded. Oh yeah.
Like they planned it for days and spent a lot of their own
money buying all the gadgets and crap they needed for the
games they had planned.
Really? Tucker scowled. Were going to talk about that
right now?
Grace snorted. You guys caught that big turtle and made that
grotesque trophy out of it and then decided to try and recoup all
the money you spent, so you charged ten bucks to watch and
fifty dollars to participate.
And what happened? Abby asked.
Maverick had this. What happened is that Teague and Tucker
decided to do the first event. If I remember correctly, they had to
take a run at each other balancing on one of the water blow ups
and whoever stayed up won.
And? Abby prodded.
Grace burst out laughing. They knocked each other out, and
my dad had to rush them both to the hospital because they had
concussions. That was it. He stopped the Simon Survivor
weekend before it even began.
Sounds to me as if Tucker did that all on his own,
 Abby said
with a smile.
The door to the lounge opened and Mavericks heart twisted
when he saw Donovans tear stained face. She was so damn pale
and small and he immediately crossed the room and folded her
into his arms.
She let him hold her for a few moments and then pushed at
his chest, a tremulous smile on her face.
Jack will be here in a moment. He wanted to fill in Noah and
Eden on the latest news. And its good news. Lily is going to be
okay. She let out a long shuddering breath. There could be
some complications down the road, but if there are, theyre
complications we can deal with. She paused. We can deal with
it.
But how did it happen?  Grace looked horrified that shed
asked the question and shook her head. Im sorry. Forget I said
anything.
Dont be sorry,
 Donovan said softly. Ive heard and read
so much and theres still a lot that I dont understand. But they
told me that what happened to Lily is called Perinatal Asphyxia
and basically what it means is that there was pressure or a blood
clot I believe in the umbilical cord and it caused a lack of blood
flow. Its like having your oxygen cut off. Kind of like drowning I
guess. And its why she went into a coma.
Donovans bottom lip trembled and she leaned into Maverick.
Shes going to be fine though.
Shes a fighter. He squeezed her shoulder. Of course she
is.
Jack walked in just then, and Maverick hugged him. He didnt
do the bullshit guy hug. He pulled Jack into his arms and didnt
let him go until he was good and ready.
Thanks for being here, Maverick. She needed you. We both
did.
I wouldnt be anywhere else.
Jack kissed his wife and crossed the room to speak with his
brother and sister.
Jack got to hold her,
 Donovan said softly, fresh tears
seeping from her eyes. It was the most beautiful thing Ive ever
seen. She glanced up at Maverick. I cant wait for you to be
right here where I am.
Mavericks gaze slid from hers in an attempt to get his shit
together before she noticed anything was wrong. But when had
he ever been able to hide anything from Donovan James? She
tugged on his arm, a frown on her face as she gazed up at him.
What the hell is going on, Rick?
Donnie, were not going there. Not now.
But his friend was stubborn as hell, and he guessed her baby
came by it honestly.
Oh yes we are. This friend thing goes both ways. Youve been
here for me for days now and I havent even asked about your
mechanic.
We were a little preoccupied with other things, so dont
worry about it.
Her eyes narrowed. So what is going on with your
mechanic?
Maverick could have lied but what was the point. Donovan
would have called bullshit before he even finished speaking.
She broke it off.
What? When?
She left a voicemail sometime last night.
A voicemail? Are you kidding me?
Its not like that.
Okay. But you havent talked to her?
Ive only had one conversation with her since Ive been
here.
When was that?
Tuesday.
Donovan punched him in the chest. You havent talked to
your mechanic since Tuesday? What the hell, Rick? No wonder
she broke it off. She probably thinks you dont give a rats ass
about her.
Ive tried.
Well obviously not hard enough. Donovan studied him for a
few seconds and Maverick didnt much care for the smile that
played around the edge of her mouth. Youre in love with this
woman.
He didnt miss a beat and answered straight away. Yeah,
Donnie. I am.
It had been a long time since hed seen Donovan James
speechless. And it made Maverick feel pretty damn good to be
the one to do it.
Okay, smart ass,
 Donovan said with a wink. What are you
going to do about it?
I dont know. Im pissed at her. At how she thinks Im just
going to throw her and Connor away without another thought.
You want my opinion?
Like I have a choice.
No. Donovan shook her head. You dont. Sounds to me
like this could be a preemptive strike.
A what?
Shes afraid of getting hurt. Shes cutting you out of her life
because youre the thing that can hurt her. So Im going to ask
you again, Rick. What are you going to do about it?
Maverick glanced across the room to where Jack was huddled
with Tucker, Abby, and Grace.
Are we good? he asked. Are you going to be okay? Youve
told me everything?
Donovan reached up onto her tiptoes and kissed him. I love
you, you knucklehead, but if you dont hop on the next plane out
and tell this woman exactly how you feel, I will kick you square
in the gonads the next time I see you.
Maverick hesitated for all of two seconds. Hell, the thought of
laying his heart on the line when he wasnt sure of the outcome
was enough to give him the cold sweats.
Rick,
 Donovan warned.
Though a swift kick from Donnie might do the same thing.
Maverick looked up at his cousins once more, but Donavan
was pushing him toward the door. Ill pass along your
goodbyes. Youve got this,
 she said with a wink. Now go get
her.
T
30
he only reason Charlie was at the fish fry was because Ava had
gone and pulled the  you owe me and Im your friend card. Or
rather, shed gotten Davis to do it for her. So now she was stuck
dishing out haddock and cod and perch to nearly two hundred
and fifty people and not only did she look like a grease ball, she
smelled like one too. Ugh.
I hate you,
 she said, poking Davis in the arm.
No you dont,
 he answered with a smile as he handed Mrs.
McTeer her plate of perch, sidestepping a bit when the old lady
attempted to give him a hug.
Whatever,
 she mumbled, turning to the next customer.
Charlie. Jeremy Martin offered a sheepish smile.
What can I get for you? she asked sharply, not in the mood
for drama.
Uh, a platter of perch and a couple orders of fries should do
it.
Charlie spied Emily hovering a few feet away, with two
children in tow. The kids were running in circles around the
woman and it was obvious that they were out of control. It was
also obvious that Emily was about to either cry or lose it.
There might have been a time in the not so distant past when
Charlie would have taken pleasure in knowing that. But now
she glanced up at Jeremyshe couldnt care less.
She busied herself preparing the order and when his box of
food was ready, she handed it over.
Charlie, I
She shook her head. Jeremy. Its fine.
She could tell it was far from fine. In fact, Jeremy looked
miserable as hell.
You look good,
 he said slowly.
Thank you. She said, looking past him. Whos next?
He looked a little shocked at her abrupt dismissal and after a
few seconds, turned around and made room for the next
customer.
The grass aint always greener,
 Davis said into her ear.
Nope.
The two of them worked side by side for at least another hour
before the lines started to dwindle. The DJ, Harry Leedale was
deep in conversation with Ava and Charlie laughed at the
expression on her friends face.
I cant wait to hear his playlist.
Davis nodded. You and me both. He looked down at her.
Its good to hear you laugh. How you holding up?
Im fine.
No youre not.
She shrugged. Okay, so Im not. Davis it is what it is, and
Ive just got to to move on.
He cocked his head to the side. And what is it exactly?
Charlie couldnt lie to Davis. You were right.
Im always right.
She smiled, but it was a sad attempt to cover the pain in her
heart. I love him.
Davis folded his arms across his chest. And have you told
him?
Not gonna happen. I broke it off.
Charlie
Dont Charlie me, Davis. Give me credit for knowing what I
need to do to fix this.
Who says it needs to be fixed?
Surprised, she scowled. What the hell, Davis? Last week you
were telling me to break it off because you were afraid Id get
hurt.
I didnt tell you to break it off. I just wanted you to be aware
that you could get hurt. But it looks like the hurting has already
happened.
I dont understand you. She shook her head and tossed the
takeout box in her hand onto the table.
You love him and that means you have to do something
about it. Theres no fixing the current situation. Theres only
facing the consequences and moving the hell on.
Okay, Dr. Phil, and what exactly are the consequences?
Dont be a smart ass, Charlie. Im doing my best here.
Im all ears.
The way I see it, youve got two choices. You can tell Rick
how you feel and see where that leads. Either hes all in or hes
not. Or you can ignore him, just like youve been ignoring him all
week.
I have not
How many times have you ignored his phone calls? And text
messages?
Stubborn, Charlie didnt answer.
If you blow him off without giving him the chance to tell you
how he feels, well, I think you might be making the biggest
mistake of your life.
But thats the point Davis. Its not just my life. Its Connors
too. He bonded with Rick in a way that I didnt expect. For
whatever reason, my brother fell in love with Rick and at first I
was over the moon about it. To see Connor happy and engaged
again? You know how long Ive waited for that.
Dammit, were those tears again? Angrily, she scrubbed at her
face.
You know how hard its been with Connor. You know what
he went through when my dad died. When Rick leaves again,
which he will because he has this great big life to live on the
other side of the country. She blew out a hot breath before she
could continue. Connor will be devastated and I wont let that
happen.
I get that,
 Davis said softly. I understand your need to
protect Connor. But Charlie, how will you ever know if Ricks the
guy for you if you dont give him the chance to be that guy? Dont
you at least owe him the choice to either step up or step off?
Excuse me, but were waiting for the cod?
Exasperated Charlie moved back, nodding to the couple
waiting for their food. Davis will help you.
She pushed her way through the crowd and didnt stop
pushing until she was outside, leaning against the building. It
was cold, but she didnt feel it.
Charlie stared up at the clear night sky and sniffled, fishing
out her cell phone when it vibrated in her pocket.
Everything okay with Connor? Mrs. Kratz was babysitting
her brother for the night or at least until Charlie could get away
from her duties.
Its not Mrs. Kratz. Its me.
He spoke clearly and if she wasnt mistaken, Rick was more
than a little pissed.
Charlie opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out.
Shit.
Shit.
Heart in her mouth, she felt faint and bent over, exhaling and
focusing on the snow at her feet. Rick?
Where are you? he growled into the phone. Oh yeah. He
was thoroughly pissed off.
Imwhy?
Where the hell are you? he asked again.
Where are you? she shot back, wincing because she knew
how childish she sounded.
Were not going to play that game, Charlie. Im here and Im
not leaving until I see you.
Mouth dry, she straightened and took a few steps before
stopping. A shiver rolled over her and then another.
Youre in Fishermans Landing?
There was a pause and it sounded as if his phone was muffled.
She heard him talking to someone and thought she heard other
voices but then there was silence.
Rick?
Yes. His answer was curt.
Where are you?
Her heart nearly pounded out of her chest. It was so loud that
she could hear it inside her head, and she shook herself, feeling
faint, confused and scared as hell.
Rick?
Im here.
Where are you?
There was a pause. Turn around.
Charlies hand fell away and she stared at her cell phone. She
pocketed it. Counted to five. And then turned around.
R
31
ick had to stop himself from physically walking over to her
and pulling her into his arms. With her long red hair moving
around her face in the breeze, her slender body dressed in only
jeans and a sweater, she looked fragile. Breakable.
And those eyes.
With just the stars to light the night, her eyes shone as
brightly as ever.
She stared at him, shivering and silent, and he didnt know if
she was going to bolt or stay. Maverick wasnt taking any
chances.
He started forward and didnt stop until he was standing in
front of her. She was shivering so badly that her teeth were
knocking together and Maverick took off his North Face jacket
and slipped it around her shoulders.
Is everything okay with Donovans baby?
He nodded. Lily is going to be okay. Yes.
Her eyes slid from his and he reached for her, taking her chin
firmly into his hands He needed to see her.
Im not here to talk about Donovan or the baby.
Why are you here? she asked, the words so soft that he
barely heard them.
He inched closer, so close that there was nowhere for her to
look but into his eyes. He was still angry with her and he wasnt
about to play nice.
Im here, Charlie, because I love you and that voicemail you
sent me really pissed me the fuck off.
Her eyes widened.
What did you say?
I said that I love you. Plain and simple. I dont know when it
happened. I dont care really. All I know is that Ive never met a
woman like you, and I cant think of a future without you and
Connor in it.
But
Let me finish. His emotions were getting the better of him
and Maverick took a moment. I need for you to understand this
so that if you decide that Im not what you want, at least you
know
Know what? she whispered.
There is no one else for me. He glanced up at the sky and
then shrugged. When I think about waking up tomorrow
morning, its your face that I see. Its your heart that I want to
hear and its your touch that I want. He dropped his hands and
took a step back, suddenly unsure but filled with the need to get
it all out.
I love you and I want to make this work.
But what is this? Her voice broke. Rick, IConnors been
through so much. There are things that you dont know.
Then tell me. I cant make you believe in what we have until
you give me the ammunition that I need.
Tears seeped from the corners of her eyes and Maverick
reached for her, wiping them away gently.
Tell me,
 he prodded.
She shuddered and, damn, but his heart turned over when she
leaned into his palm.
My dad died. You know that. She blew out a long breath and
shook her head. This is hard.
I know, babe. Im here for you.
What you dont know and what a lot people dont know is
the circumstance. My fatherhe was depressed. Really
depressed. I was at school and he was here with Connor and he
just kind of lost himself. I knew he was drinking more than he
should be and that he was having trouble sleeping. But I didnt
want to deal with it. I had a heavy course load and
She paused for a few moments and he said nothing. I told
myself that hed be fine. I mean, he was my dad. Hed always
been as strong as rock.
She shuddered violently, and Rick wrapped his arms around
her.
He asked me to come home that last semester, but I told him
that I couldnt. I didnt want to. I was so focused on my studies
and doing whatever it took to get out of this town.
One Sunday he went out to the shed. Hed been drinking and
he grabbed his shotgun and
Jesus,
 Maverick murmured, pulling her in tighter as she
began to cry. Charlie, Im so sorry. He thought back to that
conversation hed had with Connor and his gut clenched at the
thought.
Connor found him. He was so young and small. The thought
of him all by himself with my dadit haunts me. He thought
that Dad was hurt, that he was sleeping. So he pulled a blanket
over him and he stayed with Dad all night in that shed. It wasnt
until Dad didnt show up to the garage and Davis swung by the
house that he was discovered. But by then it was too late.
Maverick closed his eyes. He didnt know what to say.
Connor was in that shed with his dead father for over twelve
hours. He just shut down after it happened. I mean, who
wouldnt?
My little brother is everything to me, Rick. She squirmed
until she was able to look up at him. I love you. I knew I loved
you before you left, but Rick, if youre not one hundred percent
sure about the both of us, then we need to shut this down. Right
now. I cant let Connor get hurt again. I cant let him love you if
theres the slightest possibility that you might leave us.
Maverick cradled her face and he bent forward, his mouth
near her ear.
Charlie, Im one hundred and fifty percent sure about you.
About us. Im not going anywhere. I love you and Connor. Thats
all I got. I hope its enough.
She picked at the collar of his shirt and damn, but it was a
beautiful thing to see the smile that slowly spread across her
face.
I think I can work with that.
His mouth settled onto hers and he kissed her, long and
thoroughly, until they both had to come up for air.
Thats good to hear,
 he said. Now how about we go
home?
She glanced toward the community center and he saw the
hesitation. Davis inside? he asked.
She nodded.
Hes a smart man. Hell figure it out.
Mavericks hand slipped over hers and he led her toward his
truck. They had some stuff to navigate, but as she settled in
beside him, her body meant to be there, he felt like a freaking
king.
They were home in less time than it had taken him to profess
his love to this woman. And if his heart didnt nearly squeeze out
of his chest when Connor hurled his little body into his arms,
well, it was a miracle.
Youre back,
 Connor said, his young voice high and excited.
I knew youd be back.
I am,
 he said, his large hand at Connors back. And Im
not going anywhere, bud.
I know that,
 Connor said, indignantly.
Charlie raised an eyebrow and shrugged.
Oh? Whys that? he asked, grinning when Connor took his
coat from Charlie and tossed it onto the floor.
Because we have all the Lord movies to watch still.
Ah,
 Maverick said, scooping the little guy up into his arms.
I guess we better get started then.
The three of them settled down in front of the TV. They
cuddled and watched the movie and when Connor fell asleep,
Maverick carried him upstairs and he and Charlie got him
settled.
He took Charlie to bed. He worshipped her body. And when
she fell asleep in his arms, it felt as if hed never left.
In fact, he felt as if hed just come home.
C
EPILOGUE
Six Weeks Later
harlie was in a hurry. Of course she was. Why else would
Daniel McBride decide that it was okay to take his tractor out for
a spin? Good Lord the promise of spring did some crazy things to
folks around here.
Come on, move,
 she muttered, trying to see around him. It
was nearly noon and shed told Rick that she would only be at
the shop for about a half an hour. Davis had needed her help on a
particular engine and shed been more than happy to oblige. She
missed getting her hands dirty. That was four hours ago.
She honked her horn and made a face when Daniel turned
around. She couldnt pass him because there was a stead flow of
traffic coming the other way. Why wouldnt there be? After all in
downtown Fishermans Landing.
Oh. And she was in a hurry.
Daniel pulled his tractor over to the side and she flew past
him, resisting the urge to flip him the bird. Barely. She got the
red at the only set of traffic lights in town and waited
impatiently for them to change. She even managed not to chew
on her fingernails. Just. She glanced at them and grimaced. Why
had she bothered with a manicure?
She cruised down the road, smiling at the sight of the ocean.
She was happy to see the sun and excited that spring was just
around the corner.
She turned on to her street and swore when she saw the
expensive looking Mercedes in her driveway. Pulling up behind
the black vehicle, she slipped from her truck and decided to
sneak into the house through the back. That way she could head
upstairs and clean up before she met Donovan James. The
country superstar had just arrived with her new baby and
husband in tow.
She winced as the door squeaked and paused, relieved that
the swell of voices coming from the front room didnt stop. She
could hear Connor talking excitedly about the Bruins and his
keyboards. With a grin, Charlie hopped over the squeaky bottom
step and crept upstairs.
She strode into her bedroom hands tangled up in her shirt,
and tossed it onto her bed happy to be alone for a bit. No. That
would be a lie. Charlie stood in the middle of her bedroom,
dressed in dirty jeans, her work boots, and a bra. And she gazed
in horror at her grease stained T-shirt as it lay beside none other
than Donovan James.
Donovan James who was breastfeeding her baby.
Donovan James whose smile was as startling as her face.
Shit,
 Charlie said softly. Im so sorry.
Dont be,
 Donovan said with a wink. Unless youre
someone other than Charlie.
No one but me would whip a dirty shirt at a new mother.
Charlie crossed the room and scooped the T-shirt up, this time
aiming for the laundry hamper next to her closet.
Im just going to grab some clean clothes and She
pointed to the bathroom.
Do whatever you want sugar. Im almost done here.
Charlie rummaged through her dresser and found a clean pair
of jeans, along with a simple black T-shirt. She washed her
hands and quickly got dressed. She brushed her teeth and tried
not to think about the fact that Ricks family was here.
She loosened her knot of hair and brushed it out quickly and
after sliding her feet into a pair of flats, walked back out into her
bedroom.
Honey, can you take her for me?
Oh,
 Charlie replied a little uncertain. Sure.
She took the baby, marveling at how small and delicate she
was. Shes got a lot of hair,
 Charlie murmured, smoothing the
unruly strands from the babys forehead.
I know right? Its the reason I had so much heartburn. Or so
Im told.
Donovan got her clothes put back together and smiled at
Charlie. Im so happy to finally meet you. I swear these past few
weeks have just whipped by and I hope you dont think were
rude because it took so long to come out and visit.
No. Not at all.
Charlie held the baby and rocked her gently, loving the way
the little girls eyes were so expressive. A feeling of such longing
rushed through her, that it brought tears to her eyes.
Thats a good look on you.
Her head whipped up and she spied Rick standing just inside
the door, with a handsome man, a few paces behind. As always,
when she saw Rick Simon her heart turned over.
Are you guys keeping something from us? his cousin Jack
asked with a grin as he moved into the room.
No,
 Charlie answered, more than a little rattled.
Not yet, anyway,
 Rick murmured, coming up alongside her
and staring down at little Lily. Im going to make an honest
woman out of her but she wants to finish school first.
Maverick told me youre heading back to MIT? Jack asked.
Charlie nodded. Yes. My friend Davis is taking over the
garage and Im going to get my degree and Ricks going to
Stay right here,
 he said softly, dropping a kiss onto the
edge of her nose.
She swallowed hard when he took the baby from her. What
was it about the sight of a big, strong man holding a small child
that made her weak in the knees?
Why is everyone in here? Connor asked brightly, poking his
head in from the hallway.
Were heading down bud,
 Rick replied. Donovan wants to
hear that song you wrote.
Okay. Come on.
Jack and Donovan followed her brother out but Rick stopped
her just as she was about to do the same.
Hey,
 he said gruffly. I love you.
She squeezed his hand. I know.
What do you think about this? He nodded at the baby in his
arms.
Charlie smiled. I think its a good look on you. She paused,
suddenly afraid and not really sure why. Maybe we shouldnt
wait.
Rick held the baby in one arm, and reached for her with the
other. Im not going anywhere, Charlie. Weve got this. You and
I.
She blew out a long shuddering breath. She loved this man
with all her heart and she knew without a doubt that he would
never let her down. He was never leaving her.
She followed Rick out of their room and couldnt shake the
silly ass grin on her face. Her heart was full and her future had
never looked brighter.
Weve got this,
 she repeated.
And they did.
ALSO BY JULIANA STONE
The Barker Triplets Trilogy
OFFSIDE
COLLIDE
CONCEAL
A BARKER FAMILY CHRISTMAS
THE FAMILY SIMON BOOKS 3-6
TEAGUE
GRACE
Coming April 2016
COOPER
I
AFTERWORD
Authors note
hope you enjoyed reading Maverick and Charlies story. I cant
lie. This book was hard for me. Sometimes life throws us all
those curveballs that Charlie was speaking about and things get
tough. Im grateful for all my friends and family and so very
humbled by the readers who take the time to read my stories and
then reach out to me! Dont ever stop! I appreciate each and
every note! Life is short, so please be kind, treat others with
respect, and dont put off something that you want to do. Do it!
Enjoy it! And cherish the moment.
TO KEEP up with all my book news, make sure to sign up for my
newsletter so you dont miss a thing!
http://www.julianastone.com/contact/ or shoot me an email at
juliana@julianastone.com
For information on all of my books, please visit me at
www.julianastone.com youll be able to read exclusive excerpts!
You can also find me here:
Twitter
Facebook
Goodreads
Instagram